alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and served as a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission along with david scott.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 1998-07-21 and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 mission.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st louis on february 28, 1966 in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932. it is located in izmir, turkey, where the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of ba
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and is located in ticino.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis which is governed by all india council for technical education in mumbai and is located in mumbai.
the acharya institute of technology in the city of belgaum is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum. the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania, where the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and the capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint.
1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634: the ram rebellion was followed by 1635: the cannon law.
the eissn number of aip advances is 2158.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover.
the isbn number of a long long way is 0-670-03380-4.
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
madeleine l'engle is the author of a severed wasp.
a wizard of mars was published in english.
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459.
above the veil is available in hardcover.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
the acta mathematica hungarica comes under the academic discipline of mathematics.
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac.
the addiction journal has the oclc number 27367194.
addiction (journal) is published by wiley-blackwell.
the lccn number of administrative science quarterly is 57059226.
aenir has the oclc number 45644811.
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the impact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1.337.
the novel castle followed the novel castle.
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red.
hiv is from the genus lentivirus.
the notable work of john cowper powys is wolf solent.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
joe biden is a leader of the united states.
wolf solent was authored by john cowper powys.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
alan shepard died in california.
william anders is the backup pilot of apollo 11.
apollo 14 was operated by nasa.
apollo 8 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin is an american.
elliot see was a test pilot.
the university of texas at austin is affiliated to the university of texas system.
hook'em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin.
the manager of 1. fc koln is peter stoger.
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
a.c. lumezzane played in the lega pro in the 2014-15 season.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is asociación deportiva.
the full name of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 a epsth greece season.
afc blackpool have 1500 members.
afc fylde's ground is located in the fylde.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members.
a.s. roma played the 2014-15 season in serie a.
frank de boer manages the afc ajax people.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s nickname is joden , godenzonen.
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
azal pfk is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
az alkmaar has 17023 members.
the manager of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is vica.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense played in the campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school.
akron summit assault has 3000 members.
amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam.
greece's leader is nikos voutsis.
gus poyet's club is aek athens f.c.
jens hartel plays for sv germania schoneiche.
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a.d. isidro metapán.
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in marousi.
k-w united fc is the champions of the premier development league.
stuart parker (footballer) plays for bury fc.
jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus.
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702.0.
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes.
14l/32r is the runway name at adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
14r/32l is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero.
agra airport is located in agra.
al-taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level.
alderney airport serves the city of alderney.
18r/36l is the runway name at allama iqbal international airport.
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0.
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1/19.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam.
andrews, texas is the county seat of andrews county, texas.
andrews county airport serves andrews, texas.
11/29 is the runway name of andrews county airport.
helipad is the runway name of andrews county airport.
angola international airport serves luanda.
ardmore airport (new zealand) is located in auckland.
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis.
athens international airport is located in spata.
german is a language spoken in belgium.
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium.
copenhagen is the capital of denmark.
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen.
the leader of flemish government is the flemish government.
greek is spoken in greece.
greece's leader is nikos voutsis.
harrietstown, new york is part of harrietstown, new york.
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan.
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid.
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey.
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain.
saranac lake, new york is part of the united states.
stephen dilts is the chief of south jersey transportation authority.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
alba iulia is in romania.
alba iulia is part of alba county.
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark.
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny.
marv wolfman created the comic character auron.
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby.
stv broadcast bananaman.
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983.
bill oddie starred in bananaman.
baymax is a character in big hero 6.
bill everett was awarded the eisner award.
bill oddie's child is kate hardie.
dan mishkin created the comic character bolt.
bozo the iron man's full name is hugh hazzard.
john buscema won the eagle award (comics).
marv wolfman won an eagle award.
the area code for abilene, texas is 325.
abilene is part of texas.
the leader of albany, georgia is the mayor.
albany, oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
albany, oregon is located in the united states.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is state senate.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by albuquerque city council.
amarillo texas is located in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas.
amarillo is part of the united states.
657 is the area code for anaheim, california.
anderson, indiana is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
the city administrator leads ann arbor, michigan.
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
the population density of ann arbor, michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
the elevation above the sea level for antioch, california is 13.0.
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch, california.
arlington, texas is 184.0 above sea level.
atlantic county, new jersey is in the united states.
attica is part of fountain county, indiana.
auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
california is in the united states.
the largest city in fulton county, georgia is atlanta.
georgia is in the united states.
indiana is in indiana.
lee county, alabama is located in alabama.
the capital of new jersey is trenton, new jersey.
potter county is in texas.
tarrant county, texas is in the united states.
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county, michigan.
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco.
the main ingredients of ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
arem-arem is a dish from the region of nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
arem-arem is from indonesia.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arròs negre.
squid is an ingredient in arròs negre.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia.
avocado is a member of the genus persea.
ayam penyet should be served hot.
baked alaska is a dessert.
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart.
noodles are an ingredient in bakso.
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso.
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
barny cakes were created by mondelez international.
chocolate is a variation of barny cakes.
barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines.
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy.
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy.
binignit is a dish from the visayas region.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales.
cake is a dessert.
ice cream is a dessert.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
italians inhabit italy.
baduy is a ethnic group of java.
lemon is a rosids from the order of rosids.
mexicans inhabit mexicans.
spanish is spoken in mexico.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines.
shumai is a variation of siomay.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument (izmir).
the atatürk monument is made of bronze.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made of red granite and white marble.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row.
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983.
200 public square was completed in 1985.
january 2009 is the building of 20 fenchurch street.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom.
300 north lasalle has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena.
the 3arena is located in east link bridge.
the building of adare manor began in 1700.
adare manor is in the republic of ireland.
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art is 2013-09-28.
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall.
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b. v. doshi.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988-11-22.
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904.
birmingham's postcode area is the postal code.
chicago is part of dupage county, illinois.
dublin is a republic of ireland.
dublin is part of leinster.
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan.
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan.
the leader of japan is tarō asō.
the key person for marriott international is bill marriott.
the english language is spoken in the republic of ireland.
cape town is the capital of south africa.
london is the capital of the united kingdom.
paul ryan is a leader in the united states.
ajoblanco (also known as ajo blanco) comes from the country of spain and has bread as an ingredient.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where joko widodo is the leader of indonesia.
arem-arem is a food found in indonesia, but is more specific to java. jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of rome in italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from the region of rome in italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia. the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
ayam penyet is a food found in java, where the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and barack obama is the leader.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the african americans are an ethnic group.
condiments are ingredients in the dish bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom.
baked alaska is from the new york region of france.
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states.
cookies and baked alaska are both desserts. cookies are also a type of dessert.
sandesh (confectionery) and baked alaska are both desserts.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of columbia. kidney beans are an ingredient in the dish bandeja paisa.
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone and gerard larcher.
barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein, 18.0g of carbohydrates.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia and singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from india and includes gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji originates from the country india where the leader is called t s thakur.
bhajji originates from india where the leader is called t s thakur and narendra modi and narendra modi are leaders.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of karnataka.
banana is an ingredient in binignit which comes from the philippines.
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico.
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico.
celery is a member of the genus apium and is an ingredient in bakso.
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and cake.
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and jusuf kalla is the leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the baduy are an ethnic group.
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
arròs negre is from spain, where the leader is felipe vi.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in switzerland and has 600 students and its dean is mario botta.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is nurturing excellence.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india.
the international tennis federation is the governing body of the acharya institute of technology which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the awh engineering college is located in india, where the largest city is mumbai.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania, where the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. the latin name of the university is "universitas apulensis".
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students and 737 employees.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where cyril ramaphosa is the leader.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma and the leader is jacob zuma.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma and white south africans are one of the ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, united states. frank g jackson is the leader of cleveland.
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo, new york, which is part of erie county, new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, in the united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin.
the 3arena is located in dublin, completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by the architect 3xn and is located in denmark.
james pain was the architect of adare manor, which was completed in 1862.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenants of the addis ababa city hall and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in virginia, which was started in virginia.
the chancellor of the college of william and mary is robert gates and is the owner of the alan b. miller hall.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants of alan b miller hall is virginia.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia and has the college of william and mary.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u.s. route 83 and was added to the national register of historic places on 1988-11-22.
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, united states.
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan and amdavad ni gufa is located.
the comic character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson.
tony hall, baron hall of birkenhead is the key person at the bbc which is located in london.
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 and broadcast its located in stv.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t. seagle.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway.
the comic character, blockbuster, was created by roland desmond and tom lyle.
the comic character bolt was created by both dan mishkin and ernie colon.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin.
a.c. cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in cesena.
massimo drago manages a.c. cesena and played for calcio catania.
a.c. lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the 2014 season.
a.d. isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez and has 10000 members.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton and the drogheda united f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county fc.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who is attached to irlam town football club.
afc fylde's ground is in warton, fylde and has 3180 members.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c.f.c. and genoa cfc.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma which has 70634 members and their ground is in rome, italy.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and their ground is in athens.
afc ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014 season.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where the ground of azal pfk is azal arena.
az alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where the champions are vila nova futebol clube.
vila nova futebol clube are the champions of campeonato brasileiro série c.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which k-w united fc were past champions.
the akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which k-w united fc have been champions.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella and the leader is sergio mattarella.
the olympic stadium (athens) is the home ground of aek athens fc. the olympic stadium (athens) is located in athens.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has franklin county to its west and frederick county, maryland.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan which is lead by artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, taylor county, texas, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and serves the city of lake placid, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100.0.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force. it is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air fo
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is found in the korean war and operation enduring freedom.
the alderney airport serves the city of alderney and serves the city of alderney.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan. it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, angola and is located in icolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is owned by the flemish region.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp and is owned by the flemish region.
appleton international airport serves appleton, wisconsin, which is part of kimberly, wisconsin.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, united states.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
ashgabat is the location of ashgabat international airport which is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens, greece where the leader is alexis tsipras.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp, belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader.
poaceae, which belongs to the order of commelinids, is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
alan bean was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission.
alan shepard died in california on july 21, 1998 in california.
buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and spent 52 minutes in space.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and died in california.
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he was a crew member on apollo 8.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print form.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank, california.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which is 512 pages long.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al.
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst. and has the issn number 1046-8188.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst. and has the issn number 1558-2868.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
a t charlie johnson is the editor of aip advances which is edited by a.t. charlie johnson who resides in the united states and is the editor of aip advances.
aip advances (abbreviated to aip adv.), was edited by a.t. charlie johnson and the coden code "aaidbi".
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a long long way was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain. english is spoken in great britain.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 and the oclc number 8805735.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil was preceded by the novel castle and the novel castle.
83646315 is the abbreviation for the acta mathematica hungarica which has the issn number 1588-2632.
the acta mathematica hungarica issn number is "0236-5294" and is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol.) has the issn number of "1732-2421" and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol. and the lccn number is 60040714.
addiction (journal) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 0965-2140.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the oclc number 45644811.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
the american journal of mathematics is abbreviated to am. j. math. and the issn number is 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
sara miller mccune is the founder of the administrative science quarterly which is published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where david cameron is a leader.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is the language spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for kv mechelen and the chesterfield football club.
gus poyet is attached to the club gus poyet who played football for chelsea f.c.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. the country's champions are vila nova futebol clube.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. the country's champions are vila nova futebol clube.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense, who have 17000 members, play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has 17000 members.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the capital is london. the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street.
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931 and is located at st benedict's monastery, adisham, haputhale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the leader of japan is tarō asō.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, ahmedabad, india. the leader of india is narendra modi and amdavad ni gufa is located.
the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and has 476 beds.
julia morgan was born in california and hearst castle and the los angeles herald examiner building and the asilomar conference grounds.
julia morgan was born in california and hearst castle and hearst castle. julia morgan was born in california.
asilomar conference grounds, constructed in 1913, is located at pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987.
asser levy public baths which was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 is located in the romanesque revival style of architecture.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, new york, united states. manhattan is part of new york, united states.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham where the leader is andrew mitchell.
the addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where hailemariam desalegn is the leader.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is known as the president. the leader of the united states is known as the president.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore, karnataka, which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, jones county, texas, united states. the airport serves abilene, jones county, texas, united states.
abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway named 17l/35r with a length of 2,194.
abilene, texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 4349.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama. the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab, pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab, pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0 and is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola. it is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin which is part of the town of menasha, in the united states.
ardmore airport in new zealand is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand.
turkmenistan airlines operate ashgabat international airport which is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0.
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873.0.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is the leader and the leader is charles michel.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, essex county, new york, united states.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which comes from the andalusia region of spain.
tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
arem-arem is a javanese dish that comes from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo and the language spoken is indonesian.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community where the leader is ximo puig and the leader is ximo puig.
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia where the malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups.
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia where the malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups.
squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is the main ingredient of ayam penyet which is a dish from the region of nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore.
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the capital is washington dc and the language spoken is english.
baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken. baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken.
bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding and is a variation of bakewell pudding and is a variation of bakewell pudding.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of columbia. the genus citrus is the location of bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region of colombia.
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader.
barny cakes were created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago and founded in chicago.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and the leaders are tony tan and halimah yacob.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leader is vajubhai vala.
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico. the leader of jalisco is jesús casillas romero and the leader is jesús casillas romero.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader and the leader is enrique pena nieto.
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is the leader of the county.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales which is a variation of bakewell pudding and is a variation of bakewell pudding.
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and the capital is jakarta and the language spoken is indonesian.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the baduy are an ethnic group and the leader is halimah yacob.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and arabic is one of the ethnic groups.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and the leader is tony tan.
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain, where the leader is felipe vi and the language spoken is spanish.
a long long way is followed by the secret scripture which is located in ireland, where the europe live.
a long long way was published by faber and faber and is published by faber and faber and was preceded by annie dunne.
above the veil was preceded by the novel castle and the violet keystone and into battle.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
cornell university, new york, is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the african americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and the african americans are an ethnic group.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and the african americans are an ethnic group.
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom where the capital city is london and the language spoken is english.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins, whose leader is called david cameron and the leader is david cameron.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the native americans are an ethnic group.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 18th november 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california. he died in california. he died in california. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of nasa's apollo 14 mission.
alan bean was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission where david scott is the backup pilot.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and is affiliated to the university of texas system and is affiliated to the university of texas system and is affiliated to the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
elliot see, who was born in dallas, texas, is affiliated to the university of texas system and is affiliated to the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis and died in st. louis.
william anders was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin as a backup pilot.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has cumberland county to its north and carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade and the capital is baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers kil
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the ba
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was created by john geering and starred tim brooke-taylor.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and starred american.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which is available in e-book.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in hardcover.
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst. and the coden code is atiset.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is from.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages.
a long long way has the oclc number 57392246 and the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars which was written by diane duane.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which is the sequel to aenir.
aenir was followed by above the veil.
above the veil was preceded by the novel castle and the novel castle.
julius springer is the publisher of acta mathematica hungarica which was founded by julius springer.
the coden code for administrative science quarterly (abbreviated to admin. sci. q.) is admin. sci. q.
cornell university in the association of public and land grant universities is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
the aids (journal) comes under the academic discipline of hiv.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english.
carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of serie b.
a.c. chievo verona play in the serie a league.
a.c. lumezzane's ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for c.d. fas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group.
stuart parker is the manager of afc blackpool.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for sparta rotterdam.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the fylde.
afc fylde's ground is in bryning lane and has 3180 members.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team.
a.s. roma play in the serie a league.
acf fiorentina play in serie a in italy.
frank de boer played for ajax youth academy and manages afc ajax.
afc ajax has 53502 members and their owner is afc ajax n.v.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
afc ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014-15 topklasse season and has 5000 members.
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvulan.
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's full name is"agremiação sportiva arapiraquense". they have 17000 members and their full name is "agremiação sportiva arapiraquense".
akron summit assault's ground is in akron, ohio, united states.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from the country of spain.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of andalusia.
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
the antioquia department can be found in the antioquia department region in colombia.
arem-arem is a dish from indonesia.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where rome is the capital.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain and has squid as an ingredient.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which is from the region of the valencian community.
squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet.
bacon explosion comes from the united states.
john roberts is a leader in the united states where the bacon explosion comes from.
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which is a main course.
bacon sandwiches are popular in bread.
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france, united states or china.
standard chinese is a language spoken in china where baked alaska is from.
baked alaska and cookies are both desserts.
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
shortcrust pastry is a variation of bakewell pudding and is a variation of bakewell pudding.
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the genus citrus.
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino people are an ethnic group.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
the pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji, which contains gram flour.
banana is an ingredient in binignit.
sago is an ingredient of binignit along with sago.
sweet potato belongs to flowering plants and the division of flowering plants and the division of flowering plants.
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which is of the order solanales.
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the dessert course.
honey can be added to bionico, a dish served for dessert.
ice cream is a dessert, as is bionico, which is a dessert.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay which is a variation of the siomay dish.
alan shepard retired on 1974-08-01.
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin is now retired.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of nasa's apollo 11 mission.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 11.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and rene goscinny.
the character aurakles, also known as len wein, was created by len wein.
the comic character ballistic was created by doug moench and kelvin mao.
graeme garden stars in bananaman which stars graeme garden.
bill oddie, who starred in bananaman, was born in lancashire.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
the black pirate, also known as sheldon moldoff, was created by sheldon moldoff.
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn.
abilene, texas is served by the abilene regional airport.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500.
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t s thakur.
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq is 618 feet above sea level.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and is operated by the united states air force.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, madrid.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877.0.
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are in the jinnah international airport.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and is operated by the schiphol group.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a 4th runway made of asphalt.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where austin is the capital and austin is the capital.
angola international airport serves luanda and is 159 metres above sea level.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport serves appleton, grand chute, wisconsin.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of poales.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in spata.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and serves the city of athens.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes, part of the community of madrid in madrid.
the director of the acharya institute of technology is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
acharya institute of technology was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education and was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education.
the international tennis federation is the governing body of the acharya institute of technology which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in brussels is affiliated with the european university association in brussels.
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka state.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the ethnic group is coloured.
200 public square in cleveland has a floor count of 45.
20 fenchurch street is located in london, which is lead by european parliament.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena at north wall, dublin.
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment.
live nation entertainment own 3arena in beverly hills, california.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international.
addis ababa city hall has a height of 42 metres.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken.
the address of alan b miller hall was 101 ukrop way.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
the mason school of business are the architects of the alan b. miller hall in robert a.m. stern.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u.s. route 83 and has the reference number 88002539.
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd, pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823.
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
the asser levy public baths constructed in 1904, is located at 23rd street, manhattan.
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat which is lead by anandiben patel.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, made of red granite and white marble, is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, made of red granite and white marble, is made from red granite and white marble.
the dead man's plack is made from rock and is dedicated to æthelwald, ealdorman of east anglia.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from the andalusia region of spain.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain.
lemper is a variation of the javanese dish arem-arem which comes from the javanese cuisine.
arem-arem is a main course dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of rome in italy. tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients.
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia. the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group and the minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states. the main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom and is a variation of blt.
brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from is the united kingdom and is a variation of blt.
the bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom where the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake (or christmas pudding) and is a dish from the united states.
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding and is a variation of bakewell pudding.
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be varied by using ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs and can be varied by using ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire dales.
red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish that contains peanut sauce and is a variation of the siomay dish.
batagor is a variation of shumai which is a variation of shumai which is found in indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken and halimah yacob is a leader.
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and singapore and indonesia.
kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which comes from the country of indonesia.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where the leader is tony tan and the leader is tony tan.
bhajji originates from the country india where the currency is the indian rupee and the currency is the indian rupee.
bhajji originates from india where the leader is called t s thakur and sumitra mahajan and sumitra mahajan are leaders.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan and narendra modi are leaders.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leader is called t s thakur.
one of the ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which is a dessert that can be varied by using salanes.
chopped fruits, sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut are the main ingredients of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico.
sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut are the main ingredients of bionico which comes from the jalisco region of mexico.
bakso is a chinese dish from the chinese cuisine and is found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
bakso is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is the leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language is philippine spanish and one of the ethnic groups is the ilocano people.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain, where the leader is felipe vi of spain.
associazione calcio chievoverona s.r.l. is the full name of a.c. chievo verona which has 39371 members and played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran, who was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s.s.d. club.
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leader is nikos voutsis and the leader is nikos voutsis.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl. it has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl. it has 5300 members.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members and their ground is the stadio armando picchi.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma who have 70634 members and played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where the azal arena is located.
qarabag fk are champions of the azerbaijan premier league which has 3500 members and the azal arena is the champions.
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a.s.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense (nicknamed asa gigante) play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube were champions.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they played in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they played in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they played in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro s
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league where the champions are k-w united fc.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the official language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma and their ground is stadio olimpico. they play in serie a where juventus fc have been champions.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by david weber and was preceded by 1634: the baltic war which was written by david weber.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1-4165-2060-0.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
a fortress of grey ice is available in print and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press and is published by viking press.
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the african americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 and an isbn number of 978-0-15-204770-2.
addiction (journal) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 1360-0443 and is abbreviated to addiction.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the capital is washington dc and the african americans are an ethnic group.
the american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math), is abbreviated to am. j. math.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the native americans are an ethnic group.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where david cameron is the leader and elizabeth ii is the leader.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group. english is spoken in great britain.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken (as in great britain).
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and starred tim brooke-taylor.
the comic character, bolt, was created by both dan mishkin and ernie colon.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars jamie chung.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph.
alan bean is a us national who was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957 and retired on 1 august 1974.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 14 mission.
alan bean was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission where david scott is the backup pilot.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
elliot see died in st louis on february 28, 1966 in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is part of the kingdom of france and is affiliated to the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders, backup pilot buzz aldrin, retired on september 1st, 1969.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has cumberland county to its north and carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of ba
azerbaijan's legislature is the national assembly and the national assembly is the capital of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, made from red granite and white marble, is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, texas, united states. the airport serves abilene, texas, united states.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is operated by enaire which is located in madrid, spain.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the runway name is 18r/36l and it has a length of 3500.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter and the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is the provincial assembly of the punjab.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan. it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where the capital is austin and the language spoken is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the language is english and the language spoken is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the spanish language is spoken and the spanish language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola. it is 159 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp and is served by antwerp international airport which is located in belgium.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and serves the city of appleton, wisconsin. it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, which is part of dale, wisconsin which is part of dale, wisconsin.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of commelinids.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae and is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, in the united states.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire which is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, in the united states. it has a runway length of 3048.0.
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where cyril ramaphosa and cyril ramaphosa are ethnic groups and the capital is cape town.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town and white south africans are one of the ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, in the cuyahoga county in ohio.
250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, which is part of dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is susana mendoza.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is owned by bella center and is owned by bella center and has 23 floors.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is owned by bella center and has 23 floors.
the architecture style of adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
adisham hall, sri lanka, was started in 1927 and is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, usa. the current tenants of the alan b. miller hall is robert a m stern.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants of alan b miller hall is virginia.
the leader of india is narendra modi and amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, ahmedabad, india.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, ahmedabad, india. the leader of india is called t s thakur.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and asilomar state beach.
julia morgan, born in california, was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new netherland.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
the addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia. mulatu teshome is a leader in ethiopia.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington dc. 250 delaware avenue is located in the country.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio, switzerland. it has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai. it was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. it is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. the capital of romania is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, united states. the monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. the monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932. it is located in izmir, turkey, where the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army so
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas on march 15th, 1932. he was a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree at the university of texas at austin in 1955 with a b.s.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was a crew member of apollo 14 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was a test pilot and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin, who was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey, was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa. the backup pilot was william anders.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from mit with a sc. d in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew along with william anders.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 in british hong kong. he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. from afit in 1962. he graduated from afit, m.s. in 1962.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b.m. reddy.
the awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor, kerala, india. the largest city in india is mumbai and the ganges is a river in india.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
