alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler, texas and served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service ribbon.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and william anders as a backup pilot.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st louis on february 28, 1966.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st louis on 23 july 1927.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 in british hong kong. he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army so
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland. the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and was established in 1996.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. it was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka, which is governed by the international tennis federation and is governed by the international tennis federation and is governed by the international tennis federation.
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania. romania's ethnic group is the germans of romania and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has a staff compliment of 737 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint.
1634: the bavarian crisis is preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634: the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 the cannon law.
aip advances has the issn number 2158.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover.
the isbn number of a long long way is 0-670-03380-4.
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
madeleine l'engle is the author of a severed wasp.
a wizard of mars originates from the english language.
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459.
above the veil is available in hardcover.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math.
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac.
the addiction journal has the oclc number 27367194.
addiction journal is published by wiley-blackwell.
the lccn number of administrative science quarterly is 57059226.
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811.
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the mpact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1.337.
the novel castle followed the novel castle.
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red.
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus.
wolf solent is the notable work of john cowper powys.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
joe biden is a leader of the united states.
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
alan shepard died in california.
william anders is the backup pilot of apollo 11.
nasa operated apollo 14.
nasa operated apollo 8.
buzz aldrin is a united states national.
elliot see was a test pilot.
the university of texas at austin is affiliated to the university of texas system.
hook'em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin.
peter stoger is the manager of 1. fc koln.
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
a.c. lumezzane played the 2014-15 season in lega pro.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is asociación deportiva.
the full name of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
afc blackpool has 1500 members.
the ground of a.f.c. fylde is the fylde.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members.
a.s. roma played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
the manager of afc ajax is frank de boer.
joden (godenzonen is the nickname of afc ajax.
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
azal pfk is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
az alkmaar has 17023 members.
the manager of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is vica.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense played in the campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school.
akron summit assault has 3000 members.
amsterdam-centrum is a part of amsterdam.
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis.
gus poyet is attached to the club aek athens fc.
jens hartel is in the sv germania schoneiche.
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a.d. isidro metapán.
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in marousi.
k-w united fc was the champions of the premier development league.
stuart parker (footballer) plays for bury fc.
the leader of aarhus is jacob bundsgaard.
the runway length at aarhus airport is 2702.0.
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport has the runway name 14l/32r.
14r/32l is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero.
agra airport is located in agra.
al-taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level.
alderney airport serves the city of alderney.
18r/36l is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport.
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0.
alpena county regional airport runway name is 1/19.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam.
andrews is the county seat of andrews county, texas.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews.
the runway name of andrews county airport is 11/29.
helipad is the runway name of andrews county airport.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda.
ardmore airport (new zealand) is located in auckland.
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis.
athens international airport is located in spata.
german is a language spoken in belgium.
the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium.
the capital of denmark is copenhagen.
denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the flemish government leads the flemish region.
greek is spoken in greece.
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis.
harrietstown, new york is part of the united states.
the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali.
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid.
the four world trade center is the port authority of new york and new jersey.
san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain.
saranac lake, new york is part of the united states.
south jersey transportation authority's chief is stephen dilts.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
alba iulia is in romania.
alba iulia is part of alba county.
andrew the apostle is a patron saint of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny.
the comic book character auron was created by marv wolfman.
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby.
stv broadcast bananaman broadcasted by stv.
bananaman was first aired on 3 october 1983.
bill oddie stars in bananaman.
baymax is a character in big hero 6.
bill everett was awarded the eisner award.
kate hardie is the child of bill oddie.
dan mishkin is the creator of the comic character bolt.
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard.
john buscema won the eagle award (comics).
marv wolfman was awarded the eagle award.
the area code of abilene, texas is 325.
abilene is part of texas.
the leader of albany, georgia is the mayor.
albany, oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
albany, oregon is located in the united states.
state senate is the title of the leader of albuquerque, new mexico.
albuquerque is in new mexico.
amarillo, texas is in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas.
amarillo is part of the united states.
657 is the area code of anaheim, california.
anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola is part of the pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
the population density of ann arbor, michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
the elevation above the sea level for antioch, california is 13.0.
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch, california.
arlington is located at 184.0 above sea level.
atlantic county, new jersey is in the united states.
attica is part of fountain county, indiana.
auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
california is in the united states.
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia.
georgia is in the united states.
indianapolis is the capital of indiana.
lee county, alabama is located in alabama.
the capital of new jersey is trenton.
potter county, texas is in texas.
tarrant county, texas is in the united states.
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county, michigan.
ajoblanco originates from the ajo blanco.
ajoblanco includes bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
arem arem comes specific to java.
arem arem is from indonesia.
arrabbiata sauce main ingredients are tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre.
squid is an ingredient in arros negre.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia.
avocado is part of the genus persea.
ayam penyet is a hot dish.
baked alaska is a dessert.
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart.
noodles are an ingredient in bakso.
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso.
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
barny cakes were created by mondelez international.
chocolate is a variation of barny cakes.
barny cakes contain 1.8g protein.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines.
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy.
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy.
binignit is a food found in the visayas region.
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales.
cake is a variation of dessert.
ice cream is a dessert.
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia.
italians inhabit italy.
baduy is an ethnic group in java.
lemon is part of the order of rosids.
mexicans inhabit mexico.
spanish is spoken in mexico.
arabic is one language spoken in the philippines.
shumai is a variation of siomay.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
pietro canonica is the designer of the atatürk monument.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is made of bronze.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made of red granite and white marble.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin.
103 colmore row is located at colmore row.
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983.
200 public square was completed in 1985.
20 fenchurch street was started january 2009.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom.
300 north lasalle has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena.
the 3arena is located in east link bridge.
the start date of adare manor is 1700.
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland.
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art is 2013-09-28.
the mason school of business is the current tenants of alan b. miller hall.
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b. v. doshi.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was designed by the added to the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths was built in 1904.
birmingham has the b postcode area.
chicago is part of dupage county, illinois.
dublin is in the republic of ireland.
dublin is part of leinster.
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india.
one of the ethnic groups of japan is the brazilians.
taro aso is the leader of japan.
bill marriott is the key person for marriott international.
the english language is spoken in the republic of ireland.
the capital of south africa is cape town.
london is the capital of the united kingdom.
paul ryan is a leader in the united states.
ajoblanco (also known as ajo blanco) is a dish from spain and contains bread.
ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders.
arem-arem is a food found in indonesia, but is more specific to java. jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the language is italian and sergio mattarella is the leader.
arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of rome in italy.
arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of rome in italy.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain and includes squid.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which is from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula, malaysia. the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and its main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
sausage is an ingredient of a bacon explosion which comes from the united states.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and barack obama is the leader.
john roberts is a leader in the united states where the bacon explosion comes from there.
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and condiments are popular in the uk.
baked alaska is from the new york region of new york and has meringue as an ingredient.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska, which comes from the united states and includes sponge cake.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert.
baked alaska is a dessert that contains christmas pudding.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region in columbia.
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein, 18 grams of carbs.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia.
tony tan is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from india.
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t s thakur and t.s. thakur.
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur and narendra modi.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from the karnataka region.
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana.
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico.
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico.
celery is a member of the genus apium and is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the genus apium.
bionico is a dessert that contains granola.
jakarta is the capital of indonesia where jakarta is the capital. bakso is a food found in indonesia.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java.
ayam penyet is a dish from java, where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the leader is felipe vi of spain.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the country of switzerland and has 600 students.
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is nurturing excellence.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is governed by the international tennis federation.
awh engineering college is located in india where the ganges river can be found.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the latin name is "universitas apulensis".
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, the capital of which is cape town. cyril ramaphosa is the leader of south africa.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the leader is jacob zuma and the leader is jacob zuma.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the white south africans are one of the ethnic groups there.
200 public square is located in cleveland, united states. frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland.
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo, new york, which is part of erie county, new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at hok sve.
the 3arena was completed in december 2008 and is located at december 2008.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark is 3xn.
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and was completed in 1862.
addis ababa city hall has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931.
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in virginia. the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall.
alan b. miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary, which is owned by the college of william and mary, which is owned by the college of william and mary, which is owned by the college of william and mary.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states and the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
ampara hospital has 476 beds.
ampara hospital is in the eastern province of sri lanka, where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located in u.s. route 83 and was added to the national register of historic places on 1988-11-22.
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths are located on asser levy place and east 23rd street and has the reference number 80002709 and the reference number 80002709.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan.
t s thakur is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in india.
the comic character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson.
tony hall, baron hall of birkenhead, bananaman was broadcast by the bbc which is located in london.
bananaman was broadcast by stv and starred bill oddie.
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and steven t. seagle.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway.
the comic character blockbuster was created by roland desmond and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by both dan mishkin and ernie colon.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin.
a.c. cesena's ground is in cesena and has 23900 members.
massimo drago manages a.c. cesena and plays for calcio catania.
a.c. lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the 2014 season.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is isidro metapan and they have 10000 members.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leader is prokopis pavlopoulos.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton and has been manager of afc blackpool.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county f.c. and stockport county f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for kv mechelen and has played for kv mechelen.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in warton, fylde.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c.f.c. and the real madrid cf.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a (abbreviated to a.s. roma) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome, italy.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece.
the afc ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014 season and has 5000 members.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league, the champions of the azerbaijan premier league, the champions of which are qarabag fk.
az alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has the champions of campeonato brasileiro série c.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. vila nova futebol clube were champions.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which k-w united fc have been champions.
the akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which k-w united fc have 3000 members.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella and the leader is sergio mattarella.
the olympic stadium (athens) is the home ground of aek athens fc which has the mayor of athens.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has frederick county, maryland to its southwest and frederick county, maryland to its southwest.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is led by artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan. the memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and serves the city of saranac lake, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100.0 and is located in madrid. the runway name is 14l/32r.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force. the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were in the korean war and operation enduring freedom.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a 1st runway made of poaceae.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0 and is -3.3528 from sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where houston is the largest city.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, angola and is located in icolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and operated by the flemish government.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp and serves the city of antwerp.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly, wisconsin.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, united states.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order poales.
ashgabat international airport is located 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium.
poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids and is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 operated by nasa and commanded by david scott.
alan shepard died in california, where dianne feinstein is a senator in california.
edwin e. aldrin jr. is the alternative names for buzz aldrin who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member of apollo 11.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy and died in california.
elliot see died in st louis on february 28th, 1966.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and was a crew member on apollo 8.
1634: the bavarian crisis is available in print and has the isbn number 978-1-4165-4253-7.
eric flint was born in burbank, california and is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has 512 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al. it has 512 pages.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1046-8188.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1558-2868.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins.
a t charlie johnson is the editor of aip advances, published by the american institute of physics and published by the american institute of physics.
aip advances (abbreviated to aip adv.) is edited by a.t. charlie johnson and is abbreviated to aip adv.
a glastonbury romance has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0 and is available in hardcover.
a long long way was followed by the secret scripture and was followed by the secret scripture and was followed by the secret scripture.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 and an oclc number of 8805735.
a severed wasp was produced in print and has 388 pages and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and is available in hardcover.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil was preceded by the novel castle and is preceded by aenir.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the issn number of "1588-2632".
acta mathematica hungarica has the issn number "0236-5294" and the issn number 0236-5294.
the acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol) is abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol. it has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol. pol.
addiction (journal) has the issn number of 0965-2140 and the issn number 0965-2140.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the oclc number 45644811.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
the american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math) has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
the administrative science quarterly was founded by sara miller mccune and published by sage publications.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins and published by lippincott williams & wilkins.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who played for chesterfield fc and kv mechelen.
gus poyet is a member of the real zaragoza league and has been the manager of aek athens fc.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has 17000 members and their manager is vica.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the capital is london and the leader is elizabeth ii.
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo, new york and has 12 floors and cost 110 million dollars.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster and is owned by live nation entertainment. dáil éireann is a leader in dublin.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka. sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka. sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the leader of japan is tarō asō. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, ahmedabad, india, where the leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, ahmedabad, india. gujarat's leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly. gujarat's leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly.
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is austin fernando.
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum.
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum.
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths are located in the romanesque revival style of architecture and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new york, united states. the leader of manhattan is gale brewer.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which is lead by andrew mitchell.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia. hailemariam desalegn is a leader in ethiopia.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is known as the president.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president and white americans are an ethnic group.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and was established in 1996.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore, karnataka which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore, karnataka, which is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, jones county, texas, united states. the runway length is 2194.0.
the abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0.
the abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 4349.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif.
andrews, texas is served by andrews county airport which is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola. it is 159 metres above sea level.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola. it has a runway length of 4000.0 and is 159 metres above sea level.
the flemish department of mobility and public works is the owner of antwerp international airport which is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, united states and is located in greenville, wisconsin, united states.
ardmore airport (new zealand) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines and is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873.0.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is a leader.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york, united states.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is a food found in andalusia, spain.
tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah. arem-arem is a javanese dish.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the language is italian and sergio mattarella is the leader.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community where the leader is ximo puig and the leader is ximo puig.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia.
ayam penyet comes from the region of nationwide, and can also be found in malaysia and singapore. the main ingredients of ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
lemon is an ingredient of bandeja paisa which is a dish from the paisa region and is from the paisa region of colombia.
lemon is an ingredient of bandeja paisa which is a dish from the paisa region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader.
barny cakes were created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago. the leader of france is gerard larcher and the french language is spoken.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and halimah yacob is the leader.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india, where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
jesús casillas romero is the leader of jalisco where bionico is a dessert.
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader.
bakewell tart comes from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
the english language is spoken in singapore where the baduy are an ethnic group in java.
the ilocano people are an ethnic group in the philippines where the official language is arabic. batchoy is eaten in the philippines.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and halimah yacob is a leader.
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the leader is felipe vi of spain and the leader is felipe vi.
the book "a long long way which was followed by the secret scripture, which was followed by the secret scripture, which was followed by the secret scripture, which was followed by the secret scripture which was followed by the secret scripture.
a long long way was written in ireland, where white people are an ethnic group there.
above the veil was preceded by the novel castle and was followed by into battle and the violet keystone.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. the university is affiliated with the association of american universities.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups is african american.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the leader is joe biden and the leader is joe biden.
the aids journal is from the united kingdom where the capital is london and the leader is elizabeth ii.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer and the leader is elizabeth ii.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is native americans.
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of nasa's apollo 14.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 operated by nasa. david scott was the commander of apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is affiliated to the university of texas system. the university is affiliated to the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st louis on february 28th, 1966.
elliot see was born in dallas, texas. he was a student at the university of texas at austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competed in the big 12 conference.
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin, which is affiliated with the university of texas system and is affiliated with the university of texas system and is affiliated with the university of texas system.
william anders was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin as backup pilot and frank borman.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has cumberland county to its north and carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army so
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was created by john geering and starred tim brooke-taylor.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and starred in the film big hero 6.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in e book.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in hardcover.
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst. and coden code atiset.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is from.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j.v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance is available in print and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages.
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and the isbn number is 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
diane duane authored a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
a wizard of mars is 560 pages long and has 560 pages.
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which is the sequel to aenir.
aenir was followed by above the veil which was followed by above the veil.
above the veil was preceded by the novel castle and was preceded by aenir.
acta mathematica hungarica is published by julius springer and founded by julius springer.
the administrative science quarterly (abbreviated to admin. sci. q) is abbreviated to admin. sci. q.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
the aids journal was designed by the academic discipline hiv which has the academic discipline hiv.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english.
a.c. cesana play in serie b which has carpi fc 1909 as champions.
a.c. chievo verona's ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league.
a.c. lumezzane's ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for both c.d. fas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for sparta rotterdam.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the fylde.
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in bryning lane.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team.
a.s. roma's ground is in rome, italy and they play in serie a.
acf fiorentina play in serie a in italy.
frank de boer played for ajax youth academy and manages afc ajax.
afc ajax has 53502 members and its owner is afc ajax n.v.
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader.
afc ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014-15 topklasse season and has 5000 members.
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan.
alkmaar zaanstreek is the full name of az alkmaar which has 17023 members.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and their full name is"agremiação sportiva arapiraquense".
akron summit assault play in akron, ohio, united states.
massimo drago played for s.s. chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain and includes bread.
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia.
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of lazio.
bandeja paisa is from the antioquia department of colombia.
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem arem which is from indonesia.
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome.
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce, which comes from italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain and includes squid.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community.
the main ingredients of ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
sausage is an ingredient of a bacon explosion which comes from the united states.
john roberts is a leader in the united states where the bacon explosion comes from.
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which is served as a main course.
the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin and is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france, united states or china.
standard chinese is spoken in china, where baked alaska is from.
baked alaska and cookies are both desserts.
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding.
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of the genus citrus.
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which is eaten in the philippines.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where chinese filipino people are an ethnic group.
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish.
tony tan is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish.
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
gram flour is an ingredient of bhajji which comes from the pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
banana is an ingredient of binignit along with banana.
sago is an ingredient of binignit along with sago.
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit.
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants.
bionico is a dessert that contains granola.
honey can be added to bionico which comes from honey.
ice cream is a dessert, as is bionico.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay which is a variation of batagor.
alan shepard retired on 1974-08-01.
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin is now retired.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and rene goscinny.
aurakles was created by len wein and len wein.
the comic character ballistic was created by doug moench and doug moench.
graeme garden stars in bananaman which starred graeme garden.
bill oddie, who starred in bananaman, was born in lancashire.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway, whose nationality is jerry ordway.
the black pirate was created by sheldon moldoff and jon valor.
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0.
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t s thakur.
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq is 618 feet above sea level.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states invasion of panama.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas which is part of the community of madrid.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a 1st runway made of poaceae.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport. the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the operating organization for the schiphol airport is -3.3528 above sea level.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and its 4th runway is made of asphalt.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin.
angola international airport serves luanda and serves luanda.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton, wisconsin.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of poales.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in spata.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes which is part of the community of madrid.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the all india council for technical education is the official school colours of acharya institute of technology which was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education.
the international tennis federation is the governing body of tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in brussels is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels.
karnataka has to its west arabian sea.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the ethnic group is coloured.
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland.
20 fenchurch street is located in london where the european parliament is a leader.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which is located at north wall, dublin.
3arena is located in east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment.
3arena is located in beverly hills, california.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall in the government of addis ababa.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken.
the address of alan b. miller hall is 30 march 2007 and has the address of 101 ukrop way.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
the mason school of business is the tenant of alan b. miller hall in the mason school of business.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where ampara hospital is located.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located in u.s. route 83 and the reference number 88002539.
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987.
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904, is located at 23rd street (manhattan).
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was inaugurated on 27th july, 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the native name for the baku turkish martyrs' memorial in red granite and white marble, is turk sehitleri aniti.
dead man's plack is made from rock and is dedicated to æthelwald, ealdorman of east anglia.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from andalusia in spain.
ajoblanco (also known as ajo blanco) is from the andalusia region of spain.
banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings is the main ingredient of arem-arem which is a dish from javanese cuisine.
compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of arem-arem which is a main course. the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil. tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
cubanelle is an ingredient in arros negre which is from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula, malaysia. the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group from malaysia.
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states. the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk, where the alternative name is blt.
brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the blt.
the alternative name for the bacon sandwich is bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce and the bacon sandwich, which comes from the united kingdom and is a condiment dish from the united kingdom.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and is from france, new york and hong kong.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake (or christmas pudding) and is a dish from the united states.
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding and is a variation of bakewell pudding.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire.
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and is a variation of the siomay dish.
batagor is a variation of shumai which is a variation of shumai which is a variation of shumai.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where standard chinese is spoken and halimah yacob is a leader.
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and singapore. kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and the leader is tony tan.
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the currency is the indian rupee.
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur and sumitra mahajan.
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india where the leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india, where the leader is called t s thakur.
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato which is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico, which is from the guadalajara region of mexico.
chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico, which is from the jalisco region of mexico.
jakarta is the capital of indonesia where the capital is jakarta and bakso is from.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is the leader of singapore.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language is philippine spanish and the llocano people are an ethnic group.
the euro is the currency in spain where the euro is the currency in spain.
the full name of a.c. chievo verona is associazione calcio chievoverona s.r.l. and they played the 2014-15 season in serie a and have 39371 members.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s.s.d. club.
michele marcolini has been the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908 and plays for f.c. bari 1908.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl. they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl. they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season.
the full name of a.s. livorno calcio is livorno calcio s.p.a. and their ground is the stadio armando picchi.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a (abbreviated to a.s. roma) has 70634 members and played in the 2014-15 serie a season and have 70634 members.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where the champions of the azerbaijan premier league, the azal arena is qarabag fk.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league, which has 3500 members and their ground is located in azal pfk.
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar, plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a.s. and is owned by robert eehoorn.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. vila nova futebol clube were champions.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. vila nova futebol clube were champions.
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault and has 3000 members and their manager is denzil antonio.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which k-w united fc have been champions.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the official language is italian and the official language is italian.
a.s. roma's full name is associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. and their ground is stadio olimpico and they play in the serie a league. juventus fc have been champions of serie a.
1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634: the baltic war, which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war, which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war, which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages and is available in e book.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins and is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins and the capital city is london.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j.v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press in ireland.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group there.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover and has 388 pages.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and an isbn number of 978-0-15-204770-2.
addiction (journal) has the issn number 1360-0443 and the lccn number 93645978.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the capital is washington dc and the language is african american.
the american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math) has the issn number 1080-6377 and the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math) was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp is from the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken in great britain.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins and is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins and published by lippincott, williams & wilkins.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african american.
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred tim brooke-taylor and starred tim brooke-taylor.
the comic book character bolt was created by both dan mishkin and ernie colon.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans, jr. and damon wayans jr.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and starred jamie chung.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph.
alan bean is a us national who was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an ma in 1957.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot and a crew member of nasa's apollo 14.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 operated by nasa and commanded by david scott.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey in the essex county in new jersey.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 in dallas.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st louis on 28 february 1966.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is part of the kingdom of france and is affiliated to the university of texas system and is affiliated to the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 in dallas.
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 which was commanded by frank borman and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has cumberland county to its north and carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and franklin county to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan which is led by artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers kil
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas, united states. the airport serves abilene in texas, united states.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, spain. enaire is located in madrid, spain.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the runway name is 18r/36l and it has a length of 3500.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who were invented in the bombing of libya in 1986.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase. the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for the allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan which has the provincial assembly of the punjab.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan. the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0 and is -3.3528 from sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the language is english and the language spoken is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the english language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the spanish language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the largest city is houston and houston is the capital.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp and is served by antwerp international airport.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and serves the city of appleton and is 280 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and serves the city of appleton, wisconsin.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of poales and commelinids.
ardmore airport (new zealand) has a runway length of 597.0 and is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 597.0.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is found in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. the runway length is 3048.0.
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where cyril ramaphosa and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where white south africans are one of the ethnic groups there.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio which is part of cuyahoga county, ohio.
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and has 12 floors.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is susana mendoza.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland. it is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is owned by bella center and is owned by bella center and has 23 floors.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by the architect bella center and is owned by bella center and has 23 floors.
the architectural style of adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka. sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken.
adisham hall in sri lanka, was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the country's ethnic groups are the filipinos.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states and the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the mason school of business in the united states is the current tenant of alan b. miller hall in virginia. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india, where the leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, ahmedabad, india.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. it is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the asilomar state beach.
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan, who was born in california and significant buildings in california.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan. new york city is part of new netherland.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington d.c.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and was established in 1996.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the all india council for technical education was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it has 700 postgraduate students and 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, united states. the monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the currency is the turkish lira.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers kil
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree at the university of texas at austin in 1955. he served as a test pilot and commanded by david scott.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was a crew member on apollo 14 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey. he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was a crew member on apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and william anders as a backup pilot.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas. he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system. he was a test pilot and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st louis on 28 february 1966.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 in british hong kong. he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b.m. reddy.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india has 250 academic staff. the ganges is a river in india.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
