alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and is now retired.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science degree at the massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. in 1962. he retired on september 1st, 1969.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottom
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states. the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield which is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland, united states.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996. the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider-ammann.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. it was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which is governed by the international tennis federation which is governed by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai and is governed by the all india council for technical education in mumbai and is governed by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association and is affiliated with the european university association.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the bavarian crisis is preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634: the ram rebellion was followed by 1635: the cannon law.
aip advances has the issn number 2158.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover.
a long long way has the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
madeleine l'engle is the author of a severed wasp.
a wizard of mars was published in english.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the lccn number 32024459.
above the veil is available in hardcover.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
acta mathematica hungarica is academically focused on math.
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac.
the oclc number of addiction journal is 27367194.
addiction (journal) is published by wiley-blackwell.
the lccn number of administrative science quarterly is 57059226.
aenir has a oclc number of 45644811.
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the impact factor of american journal of mathematics is 1.337.
the novel castle (novel) is followed by aenir.
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red.
hiv is in the genus lentivirus.
wolf solent is the notable work by john cowper powys.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
joe biden is a leader in the united states.
john cowper powys is the author of wolf solent.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
alan shepard died in california.
william anders is the backup pilot of apollo 11.
apollo 14 was operated by nasa.
apollo 8 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin is an american.
elliot see was a test pilot.
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system.
the mascot of the university of texas at austin is hook'em.
peter stoger is the manager of fc kolin.
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
a.c. lumezzane played in the lega pro in the lega pro.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva.
the full name of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
afc blackpool has 1500 members.
a.f.c. fylde ground is the fylde.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members.
a.s. roma played in the serie a 2014-15 season.
frank de boer manages the afc ajax.
joden, godenzonen is the nickname of afc ajax (amateurs).
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
azal pfk is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
az alkmaar has 17023 members.
the manager of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is vica.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense played in the campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school.
akron summit assault has 3000 members.
amsterdam-centrum is a part of amsterdam.
greece's leader is nikos voutsis.
gus poyet plays for aek athens f.c.
jens hartel plays for sv germania schoneiche.
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a.d. isidro metapán.
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in marousi.
the premier development league champions are k-w united fc.
stuart parker (footballer) plays for bury fc.
jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus.
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702.0.
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes.
14l/32r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is 14r/32l.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero.
agra airport is located in agra.
al-taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level.
alderney is served by alderney airport.
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r/36l.
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0.
1/19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam.
andrews county is the county seat of andrews county, texas.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews.
the runway name of andrews county airport is 11/29.
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad.
angola international airport serves luanda.
ardmore airport (new zealand) is located in auckland.
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis.
athens international airport is located in spata.
german is a language spoken in belgium.
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium.
copenhagen is the capital of denmark.
denmark's leader is lars løkke rasmussen.
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government.
the greek language is spoken in greece.
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis.
harrietstown, new york is part of the united states.
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan.
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid.
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey.
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain.
saranac lake, new york is part of the united states.
stephen dilts is the chief of south jersey transportation authority.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology campus is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
alba iulia is in romania.
alba iulia is part of alba county.
romania is andrew the apostle.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny.
marv wolfman created the comic character auron.
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby.
stv broadcast bananaman stv.
bananaman was first aired on 3 october 1983.
bill oddie stars in bananaman.
baymax is a character in big hero 6.
bill everett was awarded the eisner award.
the child of bill oddie is kate hardie.
dan mishkin is the creator of the comic character bolt.
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard.
john buscema won the eagle award.
marv wolfman was awarded the eagle award.
the area code of abilene, texas is 325.
abilene is part of texas.
the leader of albany, georgia is the mayor.
albany, oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
albany is located in the united states.
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the state senate.
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is albuquerque city council.
amarillo, texas is in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county in texas.
amarillo is part of the united states.
the area code of anaheim, california is 657.
anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
the leader of ann arbor, michigan is the mayor.
the population density of ann arbor, michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
antioch, california is located at 13.0 above sea level.
the leader of antioch, california is the california's 11th state assembly district.
arlington is the leader of arlington, texas.
atlantic county, new jersey is in the united states.
attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana.
auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
california is located within the united states.
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia.
georgia is located in the united states.
in indianapolis is the capital of indiana.
lee county, alabama is located in alabama.
the capital of new jersey is trenton, new jersey.
potter county is in texas.
tarrant county, texas is in the united states.
the largest city in washtenaw county, michigan is ann arbor, michigan.
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco.
the main ingredients of ajoblanco is bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
arem-arem comes from the region of nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
arem arem comes from indonesia.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre.
squid is an ingredient in arros negre.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia.
avocado is a member of the genus persea.
ayam penyet should be served hot.
baked alaska is a dessert.
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart.
noodles are an ingredient in bakso.
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso.
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
mondelez international is the creator of barny cakes.
barny cakes can be varied by using chocolate.
barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines.
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy.
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy.
binignit comes from the region of visayas.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales.
cake is a dessert.
ice cream is a dessert.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
italians inhabit italy.
baduy is an ethnic group in java.
lemon is a member of the order of rosids.
mexicans live in mexico.
spanish is spoken in mexico.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines.
shumai is a variation of siomay.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir.
the atatürk monument is made from bronze.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made from red granite and white marble.
john madin is the architect of 103 colmore row.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row.
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983.
200 public square was completed in 1985.
the building of 20 fenchurch street was started in january 2009.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom.
300 north lasalle has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena.
3arena is located in east link bridge.
the start date of adare manor began in 1700.
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland.
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art is 2013-09-28.
the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b. miller hall.
amdavad ni gufa is b.v. doshi.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was designed by the asher and mary isabelle richardson house.
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904.
birmingham's postcode area is postcode area.
chicago is part of dupage county, illinois.
dublin is located in the republic of ireland.
dublin is part of leinster.
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india.
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan.
the leader of japan is tarō asō.
marriott international was written by bill marriott.
the english language is spoken in the republic of ireland.
the capital of south africa is cape town.
london is the capital of the uk.
paul ryan is a leader in the united states.
ajoblanco (or ajo blanco) contains bread, is a dish from spain.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain. it contains water.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where joko widodo and jusuf kalla is the leader.
arem-arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
arrabbiata sauce is from the region of rome in italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from the region of rome in italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the dish comes from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain. it contains cuttlefish.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and includes the main ingredients fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is the main ingredient of ayam penyet which is a dish from java, malaysia.
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
condiments are ingredients in the bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom and contains condiments.
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the country of france, new york.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dish from the united states. it includes sponge cake.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the country of dessert.
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is served as a dessert.
kidney beans are an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the antioquia department region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein, 18.0g of carbohydrates.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from india.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is t s thakur.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is narendra modi.
bhajji and gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji.
binignit is a dish from the philippines and the main ingredient is banana.
sour cream is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the country of mexico.
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico. it contains raisins.
celery is a member of the genus apiaceae family, apium.
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and cake.
jakarta is the capital of indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java, where the baduy are an ethnic group.
ayam penyet is a dish from java, where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the spanish language is spoken.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in switzerland and has 600 students and its dean is mario botta.
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is nurturing excellence.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india.
the acharya institute of technology in tennis was established in 2000 and is governed by the international tennis federation.
the awh engineering college is located in india where the ganges river is the ganges.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the latin name is "universitas apulensis".
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where cyril ramaphosa is a leader.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma and the leader is jacob zuma.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the white south africans are one of the ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, united states. frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland.
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo, new york, which is part of erie county, new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin.
the 3arena is located at december 2008 and is located at december 2008.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen, denmark is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark.
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall in the government of addis ababa. the current tenants are the government of addis ababa.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall, owned by the college of william and mary.
the college of william and mary is owned by the college of william and mary which is owned by the college of william and mary which is owned by the college of william and mary. the chancellor of the college of william and mary is robert gates.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
ampara hospital has 476 beds.
ampara hospital is in eastern province, sri lanka, where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was constructed in 1911 and was added to the national register of historic places on 1988-11-22.
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
asser levy public baths are located in asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in india where the leader is sumitra mahajan.
the comic character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson.
tony hall, baron hall of birkenhead is the key person at the bbc which is located in london.
bill oddie stars in bananaman which was first aired on 10/03/1983 and starred bill oddie.
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and steven t. seagle and the creator of baymax.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and bo bibbowski who was created by marv wolfman.
the comic character blockbuster was created by roland desmond and roger stern and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon.
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and paris cullins.
a.c. cesena has 23900 members and play in the serie b league.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for calcio catania.
a.c. lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the 2014 season.
a.d. isidro metapan's ground is in estadio jorge calero suarez and has 10000 members.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leader is nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer), who played for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county f.c. and stockport county f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who played for irlam town f.c.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for real madrid cf.
the full name of a.s. roma is associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. and their ground is in rome, italy.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and play in the superleague of greece.
afc ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014 season and has 5000 members.
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in the azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, where k-w united fc were champions.
the premier development league is located in the premier development league, which k-w united fc have been champions of the premier development league.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in athens, where the mayor is giorgos kaminis.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has franklin county to its west franklin county and frederick county, maryland to its southwest.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is artur rasizade.
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in taylor county, texas, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located at madrid and has a runway length of 4100.0.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force and operated by the indian air force.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is operated by the united states air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is operated by the united states air force.
the length of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where houston is the largest city.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, angola and is located in ícolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is 12 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp and serves the city of antwerp.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly, wisconsin.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, united states.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made from poaceae, which is of the order poales.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of commelinids.
alan bean was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission and commanded by david scott.
alan shepard died in california, where dianne feinstein is a senator.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and spent 52 minutes in space and spent 52 minutes in space.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and died in california.
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23, 1927.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he was a crew member of apollo 8.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print form.
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has 512 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1046-8188.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1558-2868.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
the editor of aip advances is a.t. charlie johnson who resides in the united states and is the editor of aip advances.
aip advances was edited by a.t. charlie johnson and a coden code of "aaidbi".
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
the english language is spoken in great britain and written in english, a language spoken in great britain.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil was preceded by aenir and is the sequel to castle and is the sequel to castle.
acta mathematica hungarica has the issn number 1588-2632 and the issn number 1588-2632.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar. it has the issn number 0236-5294.
the acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol) is acta palaeontol. pol.
addiction (journal) has the issn number 0965-2140 and the issn number 0965-2140.
aenir, written by garth nix, is available in print and has the oclc number 45644811.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
the american journal of mathematics was designed by the american journal of mathematics which has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
the administrative science quarterly (abbreviated to admin. sci. q) is published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune.
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom where david cameron is a leader.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states, where english is the language spoken.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is gordon marsden and the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden and the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden.
gus poyet is attached to the real zaragoza club and plays for real zaragoza and the champions of which are chelsea f.c.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas, campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has 17000 members.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the capital is london, the capital city is london, the capital city is london. the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street.
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and is located in buffalo, new york, and has 12 floors.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland. dáil éireann is a leader in dublin.
the architecture style of adisham hall is st. benedict's monastery, adisham, haputhale, sri lanka. it was completed in 1931 and is located in st benedict's monastery, adisham, haputhale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the japanese people are an ethnic group in japan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india, where the leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, ahmedabad, gujarat, ahmedabad, india.
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the los angeles herald examiner building and hearst castle.
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum.
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
asser levy public baths are located in the romanesque revival style of architecture and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, new york, united states. manhattan is part of new york.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham which is lead by andrew mitchell.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where the leader is hailemariam desalegn.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is known as the president.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is white americans.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 1996 students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene, jones county, texas in the united states.
abilene, texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0.
abilene, texas is served by abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located at madrid and is operated by enaire. it has a runway length of 4349.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama and the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon aircraft.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was in the korean war and the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle aircraft.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and boeing c-17 globemaster iii transport aircraft.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan and serves the city of lahore in pakistan.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway named 11/29.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola. it is 159 metres above sea level.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola and is 159 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin which is part of clayton winnebago county, wisconsin, united states.
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport (new zealand) which is 34 meters above sea level and the runway name is 03r/21l.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines and is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0.
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway named 4/22.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp and is served by antwerp international airport.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, essex county, new york, united states.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is a food found in andalusia, spain.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from lazio, italy.
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia where arem-arem is a javanese dish.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found there.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community, spain, where the leader is felipe vi and the leader is felipe vi of spain.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, where the malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia.
the main ingredients of ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal and is found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore.
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from the region of malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gérard larcher.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader and the leader is patrick mcloughlin.
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone.
barny cakes were created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago and founded in chicago.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore, where the leader is tony tan and halimah yacob.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is vajubhai vala.
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region where the leader is jesús casillas romero.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico, where enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico.
the leader of derbyshire dales is patrick mcloughlin. it is a variation of bakewell pudding and contains frangipane.
bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding and is from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bakso is a dish from indonesia, where jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy where the leader is matteo renzi.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob and the leader is halimah yacob.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore, where the leader is tony tan and halimah yacob.
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the leader is felipe vi of spain and the language spoken is spanish.
a long long way was written in ireland, where white people are an ethnic group in ireland.
a long long way was written in ireland, where white people are an ethnic group in ireland.
the novel into battle followed above the veil which was preceded by the novel castle.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
cornell university in ithaca, new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the leader is joe biden and the leader is joe biden.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the leader is elizabeth ii.
the aids journal is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer and the leader is elizabeth ii.
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the native americans are an ethnic group.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 18 november 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959. he was a crew member of nasa's apollo 14.
alan bean was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission where alfred worden was the backup pilot.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competed in the big 12 conference. elliot see was born in dallas.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas, texas. he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competed in the big 12 conference.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
william anders was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 operated by nasa. the backup pilot was buzz aldrin and was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and franklin county to its west.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottom
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th, 1986. tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and steven t. seagle.
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which was published in e book.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which was written by eric flint.
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst. and its coden code is atiset.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0 and is available in hardcover.
a glastonbury romance has 1174 pages and is available in print form.
a long long way has the oclc number 57392246 and the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
a wizard of mars is 560 pages long and has 560 pages.
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and is the sequel to aenir.
aenir was followed by above the veil, which was followed by above the veil.
above the veil was preceded by aenir and the novel castle.
acta mathematica hungarica was founded by julius springer and founded by julius springer.
the administrative science quarterly (abbreviated to admin. sci. q) is admin. sci. q.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of public and land grant universities.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
the aids journal is part of the family of orthoretrovirinae and has the academic discipline hiv.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken.
a.c. cesena's champions are carpi fc 1909 and carpi fc 1909.
a.c. chievo verona's ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league.
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where the ground of a.c. lumezzane is pietro grasso.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for c.d. fas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for sparta rotterdam.
a.f.c. fylde's ground is the fylde and has 3180 members.
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is based in bryning lane.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for the italy national football team.
a.s. roma play in serie a and their ground is in rome, italy.
acf fiorentina play in serie a in italy.
frank de boer played for ajax youth academy and frank de boer.
afc ajax n.v. owns afc ajax.
amsterdam's ground is in amsterdam, where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
afc ajax (amateurs) played in the topklasse in the 2014-2015 season.
azal arena is located in shuvalan, azal pfk.
alkmaar zaanstreek is the full name of az alkmaar, which has 17023 members.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and their full name is "agremiação sportiva arapiraquense".
akron summit assault ground is in akron, ohio, united states.
massimo drago played for the club ss chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
ajoblanco is from spain and contains bread.
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia in andalusia.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from lazio, lazio.
bandeja paisa is from the antioquia department region of colombia.
arem-arem is a food found in indonesia.
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where rome is the capital.
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes and is from italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain and contains squid.
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community.
squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is the main ingredient of ayam penyet which is a dish from java.
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader.
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which is a main course.
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dish from france, united states or china.
baked alaska is from china, where standard chinese is spoken.
baked alaska and cookies are both desserts.
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding.
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of the genus citrus.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and contains shrimp.
philippines is the country batchoy comes from.
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where beef kway teow comes from.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji comes from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
bhajji come from the pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
banana is an ingredient of binignit along with sweet potato.
sago is the main ingredient of binignit along with sago.
sweet potato belongs to flowering plants and is from the division of flowering plants.
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato which is of the order solanales.
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the dessert course.
honey can be added to bionico which is served as a dessert.
ice cream is a type of dessert, as is ice cream.
siomay and siomay are variations of the same dish.
alan shepard retired on 1974-08-01.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin is now retired.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and rene goscinny.
the comic book character aurakles was created by len wein and len wein.
the comic character, ballistic was created by doug moench and doug moench.
graeme garden stars in bananaman which stars graeme garden.
bill oddie stars in bananaman.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway which was created by jerry ordway.
the black pirate, also known as jon valor, was created by sheldon moldoff.
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and paris cullins.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes in san sebastián de los reyes.
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t s thakur.
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is operated by the united states air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas which is part of the community of madrid.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877.0.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are in jinnah international airport.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and operated by schiphol group.
andrews county airport is made from asphalt and is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas where austin is the capital.
angola international airport serves luanda and is 159 metres above sea level.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton, wisconsin.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made from poaceae, which is of the order poales.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is part of the monocotyledon class.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in spata.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes, part of the community of madrid in the community of madrid.
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar.
the acharya institute of technology official school colours are blue, white and orange.
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels.
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka, the state of karnataka.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the coloured people are an ethnic group.
200 public square has a floor count of 45.
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead by european parliament.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
300 north lasalle is located in illinois, and has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at north wall, dublin.
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is owned by live nation entertainment.
live nation entertainment is owned by live nation entertainment and is owned by live nation entertainment.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken.
the address of alan b miller hall is "101 ukrop way" and the address is 101 ukrop way.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
the mason school of business are the tenant of the alan b. miller hall in robert a.m. stern.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located in u.s. route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places.
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd, pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
asilomar conference grounds was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths are located in 23rd street, manhattan.
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat which is lead by anandiben patel.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made from red granite and white marble by red granite and white marble.
the dead man's plack is dedicated to æthelwald, ealdorman of east anglia.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from andalusia in spain.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain. ajo blanco originates from the andalusia region of spain.
banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of arem-arem which is a variation of the dish arem-arem.
arem-arem is a main course dish from the region of nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java. the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce which is from the rome region of italy.
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
cubanelle is an ingredient in arros negre which is from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
the main ingredients of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce. the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group from malaysia.
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states. the main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d.c.
bacon is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
brown sauce is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and is from france, new york and hong kong.
one of the main ingredients of baked alaska is meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and is from the united states.
the bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding and contains frangipane.
bakewell pudding is a dessert that contains ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding.
bandeja paisa includes red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
batagor is a dish from indonesia. the main ingredients are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
batagor is a variation of shumai which is a variation of shumai which is a variation of shumai.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish.
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia. kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow.
tony tan is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore.
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and narendra modi and narendra modi.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india, where the leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region where the leader is vajubhai vala.
sweet potato belongs to the solanales order of plants.
chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut are the main ingredients of bionico, a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico.
sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico.
bakso is a chinese dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is the leader and halimah yacob is the leader.
tony tan is a leader in singapore where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the language spoken is philippine spanish.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the leader is felipe vi of spain.
verona, italy is the home ground of a.c. chievo verona which has 39371 members and played in the serie a 2014-15 season.
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by rolando maran, who was born in italy, has managed ac chievo verona.
michele marcolini has been the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino f.c. and f.c. bari 1908.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the greek language is spoken.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl and their ground is in italy and has 5300 members.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is called stadio pietro barbetti and they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members and played in the 2014-15 serie b season.
a.s. roma has 70634 members and played in the serie a season and have 70634 members.
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in azerbaijan. the azal arena is located in azerbaijan.
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena and has 3500 members.
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eenhoorn and istanbulspor a.s. he is also the manager of az alkmaar.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has the nickname vila nova futebol clube.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube were champions.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season and has 3000 members.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, where k-w united fc were champions.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital city is rome.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the official language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso.
a.s. roma's full name is associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. and their ground is stadio olimpico and their ground is stadio olimpico.
1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634: the baltic war which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins.
a fortress of grey ice is available in print and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a long long way was written in ireland and preceded by annie dunne and preceded by annie dunne.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the african americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
addiction (journal) has the issn number 1360-0443 and the lccn number 93645978.
cornell university in ithaca, new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the american journal of mathematics was designed by the american journal of mathematics which has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and the issn number 1080-6377.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where english is spoken.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the language is english and the native americans are an ethnic group.
the aids journal is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins and is published by lippincott williams & wilkins. the leader of the uk is elizabeth ii.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and starred tim brooke-taylor.
the comic character bolt, also known as larry bolatinsky, was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and the american, duncan rouleau.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph.
alan bean was a united states national who was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he retired on august 1st, 1974.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 14.
alan bean was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 which was operated by nasa and commanded by david scott.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
elliot see died in st. louis on february 28, 1966 in st. louis.
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin which is part of the kingdom of france and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was a member of the apollo 8 crew and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania. to the north of adams county, pennsylvania is cumberland county, pennsylvania.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has franklin county to its west and franklin county to the southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers kil
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas, in the united states.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is found in alcobendas, spain. enaire is located in madrid, spain.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the runway name is 18r/36l and it has a length of 3500.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada and operates al asad airbase.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is the provincial assembly of the punjab.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and serves the city of alpena, michigan and serves the city of alpena, michigan.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam, has a runway length of 2014.0 and is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the language is english and the language spoken is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the language is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the spanish language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where houston is the largest city in texas.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province and is 159 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp and is served by antwerp international airport.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and serves the city of appleton and is 280 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, which is part of dale, wisconsin, which is part of dale, wisconsin.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made from poaceae, which is of the order poales and commelinids.
ardmore airport (new zealand)'s runway name is 03r/21l and it has a length of 597.0.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, spain. enaire is located in madrid, spain.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. the airport has a runway length of 3048.0.
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the capital is cape town and the asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the asian south africans are an ethnic group in south africa.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, in the city of cuyahoga county, ohio.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and was started in january 2014.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is susana mendoza.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark and has 23 floors and is owned by bella center.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is owned by bella center and has 23 floors.
the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian and was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the language is tamil.
the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor revival architecture and was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan, where the filipinos are an ethnic group.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india, where the leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
ampara hospital is in eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, new york city, united states.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who designed 103 colmore row, was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington d.c.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and was established in 1996.
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta and it was established in 1996.
the acharya institute of technology in belgaum is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. its campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, united states. the monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the currency is the turkish lira.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot who was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b.s.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963. he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey. he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. in 1962. he retired on september 1st, 1969.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b.m. reddy.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india has a staff of 250.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the country's leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
