alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and is now retired.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was selecte
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963, was a crew member of apollo 11 with william anders.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th of october 1933 in british hong kong. he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield which was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield which was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka has the arabian sea to the west.
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai and its governing body is the international tennis federation.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania, where the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis.
the grantville gazettes preceded 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the ram rebellion was followed by 1635: the cannon law.
aip advances has 2158 aip advances".
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover.
a long long way has the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
madeleine l'engle is the author of a severed wasp.
a wizard of mars originates from the english language.
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459.
above the veil is available in hardcover.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
acta mathematica hungarica is located in mathematics.
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac.
the addiction journal has the oclc number 27367194.
wiley-blackwell is the publisher of addiction journal.
the lccn number of administrative science quarterly is 57059226.
aenir has the oclc number 45644811.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1.337.
the novel castle (novel) was followed by aenir.
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red.
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus.
wolf solent is the notable work for john cowper powys.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
joe biden is a leader in the united states.
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
alan shepard died in california.
william anders is the backup pilot of apollo 11.
apollo 14 was operated by nasa.
apollo 8 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin is a us national.
elliot see was a test pilot.
the university of texas at austin is affiliated to the university of texas system.
hook'em is the mascot for the university of texas at austin.
peter stoger is the manager of fc kolin.
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
a.c. lumezzane played in the lega pro in the 2014-15 season.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva.
the fullname of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is "a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis".
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis were in the 2014–15 a epsth, greece season.
afc blackpool have 1500 members.
a.f.c. fylde's ground is in the fylde.
a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members.
a.s. roma played in serie a.
frank de boer manages the afc ajax.
joden , godenzonen is the nickname of afc ajax (amateurs).
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
azal pfk is in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
az alkmaar has 17023 members.
the manager of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is vica.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense played in the campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school.
akron summit assault has 3000 members.
amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam.
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis.
gus poyet's club is aek athens f.c.
jens härtel played for sv germania schoneiche.
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar.
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for a.d. isidro metapán.
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in marousi.
k-w united fc were champions at the premier development league.
stuart parker (footballer) was at bury fc.
jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus.
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702.0.
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes.
14l/32r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
14r/32l is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero.
agra airport is located in agra.
al-taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level.
alderney airport serves the city of alderney.
18r/36l is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport.
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0.
1/19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam.
andrews, texas is the county seat of andrews county, texas.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews, texas.
the runway name of andrews county airport is 11/29.
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda.
ardmore airport (new zealand)'s location is auckland.
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis.
athens international airport is located in spata.
german is a language spoken in belgium.
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium.
the capital of denmark is copenhagen.
the leader of denmark is lars løkke rasmussen.
the flemish government is the leader of flemish government.
greek is spoken in greece.
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece.
harrietstown, new york is part of the united states.
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan.
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid.
the port authority of new york and new jersey has a four world trade center.
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain.
saranac lake, new york is part of the united states.
south jersey transportation authority's chief is stephen dilts.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
alba iulia is in romania.
alba iulia is part of alba county.
andrew the apostle is the patron saint of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny.
the comic book character auron was created by marv wolfman.
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby.
stv broadcast bananaman.
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983.
bill oddie starred in bananaman.
baymax is a character in big hero 6.
bill everett was awarded the eisner award.
bill oddie's child is kate hardie.
dan mishkin created the comic character bolt.
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard.
john buscema won the eagle award.
marv wolfman won the eagle award.
325 is the area code of abilene, texas.
abilene is part of texas.
the mayor leads albany, georgia.
albany, oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
albany, oregon is located in the united states.
state senate is the leader of albuquerque, new mexico.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by albuquerque city council.
amarillo is in texas, in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas.
amarillo is part of the united states.
the area code for anaheim, california is 657.
anderson, indiana is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
the city administrator leads ann arbor, michigan.
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
the population density of ann arbor, michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
antioch, california is elevated 13.0 above sea level.
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch, california.
arlington, texas is 184 above sea level.
atlantic county, new jersey is in the united states.
attica is part of fountain county, indiana.
auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
california is in the united states.
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia.
georgia is in the united states.
the capital of indiana is indianapolis.
lee county, alabama is located in alabama.
trenton new jersey is the capital of new jersey.
potter county, texas is in texas.
tarrant county, texas is in the united states.
the largest city in washtenaw county, michigan is ann arbor, michigan.
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco.
arem-arem is a nationwide dish nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
arem-arem is from indonesia.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients in arrabbiata sauce.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre.
squid is an ingredient in arros negre.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia.
avocado is a member of the genus persea.
ayam penyet comes from the hot.
baked alaska is a dessert.
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart.
noodles are an ingredient in bakso.
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso.
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
barny cakes were created by mondelez international.
chocolate is a variation of barny cakes.
barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein.
philippines is the country batchoy comes from.
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy.
vegetables are ingredients in batchoy.
binignit is a dish from the visayas region.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales.
cake is a dessert.
ice cream is a dessert.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
italians inhabit italy.
baduy is an ethnic group in java.
lemon is a member of the order rosids.
mexicans inhabit mexico.
spanish is spoken in mexico.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines.
shumai is a variation of siomay.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument (izmir).
the atatürk monument is made from bronze.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made of red granite and white marble.
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row.
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983.
200 public square was completed in 1985.
the building of 20 fenchurch street was started in january 2009.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom.
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena.
3arena is located at east link bridge.
the start date of adare manor began in 1700.
adare manor is in the republic of ireland.
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art is 2013-09-28.
the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b. miller hall.
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b. v. doshi.
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904.
birmingham's postal code is b postcode area.
chicago is part of dupage county, illinois.
dublin is in the republic of ireland.
dublin is part of leinster.
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan.
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan.
taro aso is the leader of japan.
bill marriott is the key person for marriott international.
the english language is spoken in the republic of ireland.
cape town is the capital of south africa.
london is the capital of the united kingdom.
paul ryan is a leader in the united states.
ajoblanco (also known as ajo blanco) is a dish from spain and contains bread.
ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where joko widodo is the leader.
arem-arem originates from indonesia but is more specific to java.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader.
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region of italy.
arrabbiata sauce includes garlic as an ingredient.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and is found in malaysia.
ayam penyet's main ingredients are "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal.
bacon explosion is a dish from the united states and is from the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the bacon explosion comes from.
condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom.
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france.
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the united states.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the confectionery dessert.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone.
barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein, 18 grams of carbs.
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow is a dish.
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is found in indonesia.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where the leader is tony tan.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from india.
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indians.
bhajji originates from india where narendra modi is a leader.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of karnataka.
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana.
sour cream is an ingredient in bionico which comes from mexico.
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and is found in the jalisco region of mexico.
celery is a dish from the genus apium and is from the genus apium.
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and cake.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
ayam penyet is from the singapore region of java, where the baduy are an ethnic group.
ayam penyet is from java where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
arròs negre is from spain where the leader is felipe vi.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has 600 students.
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is nurturing excellence.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india.
the acharya institute of technology was established in the year 2000 and is governed by the international tennis federation.
the largest city in india is mumbai and the ganges river is river.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the latin name is "universitas apulensis".
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where cape town is the leader.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma.
200 public square is located in cleveland, united states where the leader is frank g jackson.
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo, new york, which is part of erie county, new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, which is lead by rahm emanuel.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008.
the 3arena was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in denmark.
james pain was the architect of adare manor, which was completed in 1862.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall in addis ababa.
adisham hall was completed in 1931, is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the college of william and mary began working for the college of william and mary and is owned by the college of william and mary.
the chancellor of the college of william and mary is robert gates and is owned by the college of william and mary.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the college of william and mary began working for williamsburg, virginia and began working for williamsburg, virginia.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u.s. route 83 and was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988.
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths is located in asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, united states.
amdavad ni gufa is located in india, where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
the comic book character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson.
london is the key person for bbc which is located in london.
bill oddie starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6, who first appeared in the film big hero 6.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway.
the comic character, blockbuster, was created by roland desmond and roger stern.
the comic character, bolt, was created by both dan mishkin and ernie colon.
the comic character, bolt, was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin.
a.c. cesena's ground is in cesena and has 23900 members.
massimo drago manages a.c. cesena and plays for s.s.d. potenza calcio.
a.c. lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the 2014 season.
a.d. isidro metapán's full name is isidro metapan and they have 10000 members.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where prokopis pavlopoulos is a leader.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who is attached to irlam town football club.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for real madrid cf.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma and has 70634 members.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and their ground is in athens.
the afc ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014 season.
qarabağ fk are the champions of that league.
az alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and their ground is vila nova futebol clube.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. the vila nova futebol clube play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. vila nova futebol clube were champions at the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. vila nova futebol clube were champions at the campeonato brasileiro série c lea
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school and their ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school.
akron summit assault's champions are k-w united fc.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in athens, where the mayor is giorgos kaminis.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has frederick county, maryland to its southwest.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner, is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, taylor county, texas, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and serves the city of saranac lake, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100.0.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag.
al asad airbase in iraq has a runway length of 3078.48.
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
alderney is served by alderney airport which serves the city of alderney.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, angola. it has a runway length of 4000.0.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, angola. the runway name is "south runway".
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in antwerp.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly, wisconsin.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, united states.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens, greece where the leader is alexis tsipras.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of commelinids.
alan bean was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission.
alan shepard died in california, where dianne feinstein is a senator in california.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and spent 52 minutes in space.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
elliot see died in st. louis on february 28th, 1966.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas.
william anders was born on the 17th of october 1933 in british hong kong. he was a crew member on apollo 8.
1634: the bavarian crisis is available in print and has the isbn number 978-1-4165-4253-7.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank, california.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has 512 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1046-8188.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1558-2868.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
aip advances is edited by a.t. charlie johnson who resides in the united states.
the editor of aip advances (abbreviated to aip adv.) is edited by a.t. charlie johnson.
a glastonbury romance has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0 and the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a long long way was followed by the secret scripture and was followed by the secret scripture.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
a severed wasp is available in print and has the oclc number 8805735.
a severed wasp was published in print and has 388 pages.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which was preceded by aenir which was preceded by aenir.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the issn number 1588-2632.
the acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar. the issn number is 0236-5294.
acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol., has the issn number of "1732-2421" and the lccn number 60040714.
addiction (journal) has the issn number 0965-2140.
aenir was written by garth nix and was written by garth nix.
aenir is available in print and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
am. j. math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
the administrative science quarterly, abbreviated to admin. sci. q, was founded by sara miller mccune.
the aids (journal) is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language spoken.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for kv mechelen and gordon marsden.
gus poyet is in the real zaragoza club and played for chelsea f.c.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is based in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is based in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has 17000 members.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where 20 fenchurch street is located.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in st. benedict's monastery, adisham, haputhale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the language is tamil.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan, where the japanese people are an ethnic group.
the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located.
the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in california and has the significant project of asilomar conference grounds.
julia morgan was born in california and significant buildings including hearst castle.
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new york, united states.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham which is lead by andrew mitchell.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia. the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio, switzerland. it has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka has telangana to its northeast.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, jones county, texas, united states.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and serves the city of abilene in texas.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, has a runway length of 4349.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader.
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif.
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews. the runway name is 11/29.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the largest city is houston.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola, is 159 metres above sea level.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola, is 4000.0.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin which is part of clayton winnebago county, wisconsin, united states.
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation of ardmore airport, new zealand and is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand.
ashgabat international airport is located at 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is 23 metres above sea level.
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is charles michel.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, essex county, new york, united states.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco, a dish from the andalusia region of spain.
tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
arem-arem is a javanese dish from indonesia, where the language is indonesian.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community, spain, where the leader is ximo puig.
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia where asam pedas is a food found there.
the main ingredients of ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal.
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of malaysia, where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
baked alaska is from the country of france where the french language is spoken.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region of colombia.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france, where the french language is spoken.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region where the leader is vajubhai vala.
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico. the leader of jalisco is jesús casillas romero.
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia. tony tan is the leader of singapore.
ajoblanco is from spain where the leader is felipe vi.
a long long way was written in ireland where the europe is the national ethnic group.
a long long way was written in ireland where the ethnic group is white people.
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which was preceded by the novel castle.
cornell university in ithaca, new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
cornell university in ithaca, new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states, where barack obama is the leader.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the language is english.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the leader is joe biden.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the capital city is london.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas, united states.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 18 november 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959.
alan bean was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 crew.
alan shepard was born on the 18th of november 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and is competing in the big 12 conference.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competed in the big 12 conference.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
william anders was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 operated by nasa.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is made of red granite and white marble.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th, 1986.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in e book.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in hardcover.
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst. and the coden code is atiset.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages.
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and is preceded by aenir.
aenir was followed by above the veil which was followed by above the veil.
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle.
julius springer is the founder of springer science and business media.
the administrative science quarterly (abbreviated to admin. sci. q.) has the coden code admin. sci. q.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly.
aenir has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9 and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
the aids (journal) is the academic discipline of hiv.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english.
a.c. cesana's champions are carpi fc 1909.
a.c. chievo verona play in serie a and they play in the serie a league.
a.c. lumezzane's ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for the c.d. fas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for sparta rotterdam.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the fylde.
afc fylde's ground is in bryning lane and has 3180 members.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team.
a.s. roma's ground is in rome, italy and they play in the serie a league.
acf fiorentina play in serie a, italy.
frank de boer played for ajax youth academy.
afc ajax n.v. owns afc ajax.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
afc ajax (amateurs) played in the topklasse in the 2014-15 topklasse season.
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena.
az alkmaar has 17023 members and their full name is alkmaar zaanstreek.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil.
the full name of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is "agremiação sportiva arapiraquense".
akron summit assault is located in akron, ohio, united states.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
ajoblanco originates from spain and includes bread.
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco.
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of lazio.
the antioquia department is found in the antioquia department of colombia.
arem-arem is a food found in indonesia.
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where rome is the capital.
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain and includes squid.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in cuttlefish.
squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is the main ingredient of ayam penyet.
bacon explosion comes from the united states and is from the united states.
john roberts is a leader in the united states where the bacon explosion comes from.
bacon explosion is a main course.
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france, united states or china.
baked alaska is a dish from china where standard chinese is spoken.
baked alaska and cookies are both a type of dessert.
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding.
lemon is an ingredient in the dish bandeja paisa.
batchoy is a dish from the philippines and contains shrimp.
philippines is the country batchoy comes from.
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where standard chinese is spoken.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
the pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which comes from the pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
banana is an ingredient of binignit along with banana.
sago is an ingredient of binignit along with sago.
sweet potato belongs to flowering plants and is a flowering plant division of flowering plants.
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which is of the order solanales.
bionico is a dessert that contains granola.
honey can be added to bionico.
ice cream is a dessert, as is bionico.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay which contains peanut sauce.
alan shepard retired on 1974-08-01.
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin is retired.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and rene goscinny.
aurakles, also known as aurakles, was created by len wein and len wein.
the comic character, ballistic, was created by doug moench and doug moench.
bananaman starred graeme garden.
bill oddie starred in bananaman.
jerry ordway is american national.
the black pirate is also known as jon valor.
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500.
agra airport is located in india where the leaders are t. s. thakur.
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq is 618 feet above sea level.
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, madrid.
the runway length of alderney airport is poaceae.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has headquarters in jinnah international airport.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
the operating organization for amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where the capital is austin.
angola international airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves luanda.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales.
ardmore airport (new zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in spata.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and serves the city of athens.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes, madrid.
the director of acharya institute of technology is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education and was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education.
the international tennis federation is the governing body of tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in brussels is affiliated with the european university association in brussels.
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka state.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the coloured people are an ethnic group.
200 public square has a floor count of 45.
20 fenchurch street is located in london where 20 fenchurch street is located.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
300 north lasalle, illinois, has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena in north wall, dublin.
3arena in east link bridge is owned by live nation entertainment.
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in beverly hills, california.
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall in addis ababa.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken.
the address of alan b miller hall began in 101 ukrop way and has the address 101 ukrop way.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
the mason school of business are the architects of the alan b. miller hall which was designed by robert a.m. stern.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where ampara hospital is located.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located in u.s. route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places.
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823.
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths, constructed in 1904, is located at 23rd street, manhattan.
anandiben patel is the leader of gujurat which is lead by anandiben patel.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and is made of red granite and white marble.
dead man's plack, made of rock, is dedicated to æthelwald, ealdorman of east anglia.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients in ajoblanco which comes from the andalusia region of spain.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain.
the main ingredients of arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of arem-arem which is a main course.
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and is from italy.
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d.c.
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and contains bacon.
brown sauce is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which has brown sauce as an ingredient.
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are ketchup or brown sauce and comes from the united kingdom.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and comes from france, the united states or china.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and is part of derbyshire.
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be varied by using ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where the bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding.
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and is found in indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia. the main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee.
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the leader of india is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india, where the leader is vajubhai vala.
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato (of the order solanales).
chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut are the main ingredients in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico.
sour cream, chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of bionico which comes from the jalisco region of mexico.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
bakso is a food found in indonesia, where jusuf kalla is a leader.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy, where the capital is rome.
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where ayam penyet is from.
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language is philippine spanish.
the euro is the currency in spain where arròs negre is from.
the full name of a.c. chievo verona is associazione calcio chievoverona s.r.l. and they have 39371 members.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran who plays for unione triestina 2012 s.s.d. club.
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece, where the leader is nikos voutsis.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members and played in the 2014-15 serie b season.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma who have 70634 members.
qarabağ fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where qarabağ fk are the champions.
qarabağ fk are the champions of that league.
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's nickname is asa giganto brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. the vila nova futebol clube is the nickname of the agremiação sportiva arapiraquense.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c leag
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which k-w united fc have been champions.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the official language is italian.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma and their ground is stadio olimpico.
1634: the bavarian crisis was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the capital city is london.
a fortress of grey ice is available in print and has the oclc number of 51969173.
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press.
a severed wasp is available in print and has the oclc number 8805735.
a severed wasp is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313.
the addiction journal, abbreviated to addiction, has the issn number 1360-0443.
cornell university in ithaca, new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
am. j. math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics, abbreviated to am. j. math., has the issn number 1080-6377.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the language is english.
english is the language of the united states where a severed wasp is from.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where david cameron is a leader.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman, which was first broadcast by stv.
the comic character bolt, also known as larry bolatinsky, was created by both dan mishkin and ernie colon.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans, jr.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph.
alan bean was an american who was a crew member of apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and is operated by nasa.
alfred worden was a backup pilot of apollo 12 where david scott was the commander.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd july 1927 in dallas.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd july 1927 in dallas.
william anders, backup pilot buzz aldrin, was a member of the apollo 8 crew alongside frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has cumberland county to its north.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas in the united states.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, spain.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. the runway name is 18r/36l and it is 3500 metres long.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is the provincial assembly of the punjab.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and serves alpena, michigan.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the english language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the spanish language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the capital is austin.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola, is 159 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin which is part of dale, wisconsin.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of poales and commelinids.
ardmore airport (new zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas, madrid, spain.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. the airport has a runway length of 3048.0.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the capital is cape town.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the capital is cape town.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, in the cuyahoga county in ohio.
250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is susana mendoza.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is owned by bella center.
the architecture style of adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the tamil language is spoken.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india, whose leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road, ahmedabad, india.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was born in california and was born in california.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new netherland.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has 100 academic staff.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai. it was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai. it was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india has 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, united states. the monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b.s.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959 and became a member of the apollo 14 crew.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey, whose backup pilot was william anders.
buzz aldrin was born on the 20th of january 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with an sc.d in 1963. he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th of october 1933 in british hong kong. he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india has 250 academic staff.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania, where the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
