alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 mission.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 mission along with william anders.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. anders retired on september 1st, 1969.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland. it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland. it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai, tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association and has 16,000 students.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634: the ram rebellion was followed by 1635: the cannon law.
the issn number of aip advances is 2158.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover.
the isbn number of a long long way is 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number of 1-56947-301-3.
madeleine l'engle authored a severed wasp.
a wizard of mars is written in english.
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459.
above the veil is available in hardcover.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math.
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac.
the oclc number of addiction (journal) is 27367194.
addiction (journal) is published by wiley-blackwell.
administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226.
aenir has a oclc number of 45644811.
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the impact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1.337.
the novel castle (novel) was followed by aenir.
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red.
hiv comes from the genus lentivirus.
wolf solent otable works of john cowper powys.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
joe biden is a leader of the united states.
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
alan shepard died in california.
william anders served as a backup pilot.
the operator of apollo 14 is nasa.
apollo 8 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin is a united states national.
elliot see was a test pilot.
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system.
hook'em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin.
the manager of fc kolin is peter stoger.
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
a.c. lumezzane played the 2014-15 season in lega pro.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva.
the full name of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece season.
afc blackpool has 1500 members.
a.f.c. fylde ground is the fylde.
a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members.
as roma were in serie a in 2014-15.
the manager of afc ajax is frank de boer.
the nickname of afc ajax (amateurs) is joden (godenzonen.
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
azal pfk can be found in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
az alkmaar has 17023 members.
the manager of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is vica.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school.
akron summit assault has 3000 members.
amsterdam-centrum is a part of amsterdam.
greece's leader is nikos voutsis.
gus poyet's club is aek athens f.c.
jens härtel played for sv germania schoneiche.
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a.d. isidro metapan.
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in marousi.
k-w united fc have been champions of the premier development league.
stuart parker (footballer) plays for bury fc.
jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus.
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702.0.
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes.
14l/32r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
14r/32l is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero.
agra airport is located in agra.
al-taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level.
alderney is served by alderney airport.
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r/36l.
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0.
1/19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam.
andrews county, texas is located in the county of andrews.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews.
11/29 is the runway name of andrews county airport.
helipad is the runway name of andrews county airport.
angola international airport serves luanda.
ardmore airport (new zealand) is located in auckland.
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis.
athens international airport is located in spata.
german is a language spoken in belgium.
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium.
the capital of denmark is copenhagen.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark.
the leader of flemish government is the flemish government.
greek is spoken in greece.
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis.
harrietstown, new york is part of the united states.
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan.
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid.
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey is four world trade center.
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain.
saranac lake, new york is part of the united states.
south jersey transportation authority's chief is stephen dilts.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100.
the acharya institute of technology is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
alba iulia is in romania.
alba iulia is part of alba county.
romania's patron saint is andrew the apostle.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark.
rene goscinny is the creator of the comic character asterix.
marv wolfman was the creator of the comic character auron.
jack kirby is the creator of the comic character balder.
stv broadcast bananaman.
bananaman is first aired on 10/03/1983.
bill oddie starred in bananaman.
baymax is a character in big hero 6.
bill everett was awarded the eisner award.
kate hardie is a child called kate hardie.
dan mishkin is the creator of the comic character bolt.
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard.
john buscema has won the eagle award.
marv wolfman was awarded the eagle award.
the area code for abilene, texas is 325.
abilene is part of texas.
the leader of albany is the mayor.
the total area of albany, oregon is 45.97 square kilometres.
albany, oregon is located in the united states.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is state senate.
albuquerque in new mexico is led by albuquerque city council.
amarillo, texas is in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas.
amarillo is part of the united states.
the area code for anaheim, california is 657.
anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
the mayor leads ann arbor, michigan.
the population density of ann arbor, michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
antioch, california is elevated 13.0 above sea level.
the california's title of the california is the californian title of the california.
arlington, texas is 184 metres above sea level.
atlantic county, new jersey is in the united states.
attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana.
auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
california is located within the united states.
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia.
georgia is in the united states.
the capital of indiana is indianapolis.
lee county, alabama is in the state of alabama.
trenton, new jersey is the capital of new jersey.
potter county, texas is the state of texas.
tarrant county, texas is in the united states.
ann arbor in michigan is the largest city in washtenaw county, michigan.
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco.
arem-arem is an nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
arem arem comes from indonesia.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre.
squid is an ingredient in arros negre.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia.
avocado is a genus of persea.
ayam penyet is a hot.
baked alaska is a dessert.
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart.
noodles are an ingredient in bakso.
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso.
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
barny cakes were created by mondelez international.
barny cakes can be varied by using chocolate.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein.
batchoy is a food found in the philippines.
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy.
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy.
binignit comes from the visayas region.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales.
cake is a dessert.
ice cream is a dessert.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
italians inhabit italy.
baduy is an ethnic group in java.
lemon is a rosads from rosids.
mexicans inhabit mexico.
spanish is spoken in mexico.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines.
shumai is a variation of siomay.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument (izmir).
the atatürk monument is made from bronze.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made from red granite and white marble.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row.
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983.
200 public square was completed in 1985.
20 fenchurch street was started in january 2009.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom.
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena.
the 3arena is located in east link bridge.
the building of adare manor began in 1700.
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland.
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art is 2013.
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall.
b. v. doshi is the architect of amdavad ni gufa.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was built in 1988.
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904.
birmingham is based in birmingham.
chicago is part of dupage county, illinois.
dublin is in the republic of ireland.
dublin is part of leinster.
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan.
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan.
the leader of japan is tarō asō.
the key person at marriott international is bill marriott.
the language of the republic of ireland is english.
cape town is the capital of south africa.
london is the capital of the united kingdom.
paul ryan is a leader in the united states.
bread is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is also known as ajo blanco.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla.
arem-arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of rome in italy.
arrabbiata sauce includes garlic as an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia.
ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and is a dish from malaysia.
bacon explosion comes from the united states and is from the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon explosion comes from the united states, where barack obama is the leader of the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group.
condiments are an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom.
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska, which contains christmas pudding.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is served as a dessert.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is gérard larcher.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein, 18.0g of carbohydrates.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is the leader.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from india.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is called t s thakur.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is called t s thakur and narendra modi.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of the karnataka region.
binignit is a dish from the philippines and is from the philippines.
sour cream is an ingredient in bionico which comes from mexico.
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and includes the ingredient raisins.
celery is an ingredient in bakso which comes from the genus apiaceae.
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the baduy are an ethnic group.
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
the spanish language is spoken in spain where the spanish language is spoken in spain.
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta and has 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is the motto of the acharya institute of technology.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is governed by the international tennis federation.
the ganges is a river in india where the ganges is a river in india.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the latin name is "universitas apulensis".
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where cyril ramaphosa is the leader.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma and the leader is jacob zuma.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where there is an ethnic group called white south africans.
200 public square is located in cleveland, united states, where frank g jackson is a leader.
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo, new york which is part of erie county, new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, united states, where rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which was completed in december 2008.
the 3arena was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is the marriott international hotel.
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and was completed in 1862.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall, which has a height of 42 metres and has a height of 42 metres.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931.
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in virginia, which began in virginia.
alan b. miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary which is owned by the college of william and mary which is owned by the college of william and mary.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states, the mason school of business is located in virginia.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
ampara hospital is located in eastern province, sri lanka, where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was constructed in 1911, is located in u.s. route 83.
asilomar conference grounds is located on pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with reference number 87000823.
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of manhattan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in india, where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
the comic character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson.
tony hall, baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is based in london.
bill oddie starred in bananaman which was first broadcast by stv.
baymax was created by steven t seagle and duncan rouleau and steven t. seagle.
bo bibbowski was created by bo marv wolfman and jerry ordway.
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by both dan mishkin and ernie colon.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin.
a.c. cesena has 23900 members and play in serie b.
massimo drago plays for calcio catania and manages a.c. cesena.
a.c. lumezzane play in the lega pro/a league and has 4150 members.
a.d. isidro metapan's full name is isidro metapan and has 10000 members.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leader is nikos voutsis.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn f.c. halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who is attached to irlam town football club.
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in warton, fylde.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c.f.c. and genoa c.f.c.
the full name of a.s. roma is associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. and their ground is in rome, italy.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and play in the superleague of greece.
afc ajax (amateurs) competed in the 2014 season and have 5000 members.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where the champions of which are qarabag fk.
az alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which was previously won by vila nova futebol clube.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which k-w united fc have been champions.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which k-w united fc have 3000 members.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella.
the olympic stadium (athens) is the home ground of aek athens fc.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has frederick county, maryland to its southwest.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene, texas, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and serves the city of lake placid, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and is 4,100 long.
agra airport is in india and operated by the indian air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3078.48.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force.
the 1st runway at alderney airport serves the city of alderney and serves the city of alderney.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, angola. its runway name is "south runway".
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish government and is owned by the flemish region.
the owner of antwerp international airport is flemish department of mobility and public works and serves the city of antwerp.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of little chute, wisconsin.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, united states.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader.
poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 mission.
alan shepard died in california, where dianne feinstein is a senator.
buzz aldrin was also a crew member of apollo 11 and was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and spent 52 minutes in space.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
elliot see died in st. louis on february 28, 1966.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17, 1933. he was a crew member of apollo 8.
1634: the bavarian crisis is available in print and has the isbn number 978-1-4165-4253-7.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank, california.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has 512 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al. it has 512 pages and is available in e book.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046-8188.
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst. it has the issn number 1558-2868.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins.
the american institute of physics publishes aip advances, published by the american institute of physics.
aip advances is edited by a.t. charlie johnson and an abbreviated to aip adv., is a.t. charlie johnson.
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a long long way was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in print and has 388 pages.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil was preceded by the novel castle and is the sequel to aenir.
83646315 is the lccn number for acta mathematica hungarica which has the issn number 1588-2632.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the issn number "0236-5294".
acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol., is abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol.
addiction (journal) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 0965-2140.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the oclc number 45644811.
aenir is available in print and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
the american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics which has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
the administrative science quarterly was founded by sara miller mccune and is published by sage publications.
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom where david cameron is the leader.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is the language spoken.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is gordon marsden and is the manager of afc blackpool.
gus poyet played for chelsea f.c. aek athens fc have been champions of that league.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in arapiraca.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has 17000 members and their manager is vica.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the currency is the pound sterling and the capital is london.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin, leinster.
the architectural style of adisham hall in sri lanka is tudor and jacobean and was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the country is the location of the akita museum of art in akita, akita prefecture.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india, where the leader is narendra modi.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india. gujarat's leader is t s thakur and the gujarat legislative assembly.
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province, sri lanka. the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in california and the riverside art museum and hearst castle.
the architect of asilomar conference grounds are julia morgan who was born in california and has the riverside art museum.
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths are located in the architectural style of romanesque revival architecture and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, new york, united states. the leader of manhattan is gale brewer.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia where the leader is malatu teshome.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is known as the president.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden is a leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio, switzerland. it has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore which is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene, jones county, texas, united states.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and serves the city of abilene, texas.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and serves the city of abilene, texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 4349.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle fighter aircraft.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan. anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan.
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab, pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and has a runway length of 600.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin which is part of clayton winnebago county, wisconsin.
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines and is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873.0.
the leader of belgium is charles michel and the leader is charles michel.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york, united states.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco, a dish from the andalusia region of spain.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region of italy.
arem-arem is a javanese dish that comes from indonesia where the language is indonesian.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community, spain, where the leader is ximo puig and the leader is felipe vi.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malay are an ethnic group in malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malay are an ethnic group in malaysia.
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from java and can be served hot with sambal.
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken in france.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region of colombia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and is from the paisa region.
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken in france.
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken in france.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india where the leader is vajubhai vala.
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico. cake is also a dessert.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico, where enrique pena nieto is a leader in mexico.
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bakso is a dish from indonesia, where jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and halimah yacob is a leader.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the official language is philippine english, the language spoken is philippine english.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore.
ajoblanco is from spain where the leader is felipe vi of spain and the currency is the euro.
a long long way was written in ireland where the europe is an ethnic group from ireland.
a long long way was written in ireland, where white people are an ethnic group in ireland.
above the veil was preceded by the novel castle and was preceded by the novel castle.
cornell university, nicknamed cornell big red, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
cornell university in ithaca, new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and the leader is joe biden.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where david cameron is the leader of the uk.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer.
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is native americans.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of nasa's apollo 14.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 which was operated by nasa.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
william anders was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
bananaman was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 and starred tim brooke-taylor.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and starred scott adsit.
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in e book.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in hardcover.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is a leader.
the author of a fortress of grey ice is j.v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages.
a long long way has a oclc number of 57392246 and the isbn number is 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil was preceded by aenir and is preceded by aenir.
aenir was written in english and was followed by above the veil.
above the veil was preceded by aenir and the novel castle.
acta mathematica hungarica was founded by julius springer.
administrative science quarterly, abbreviated as admin. sci. q, coden code ascqag.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
the hiv viruscipline of the aids journal is hiv.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is the language.
a.c. cesena's champions are carpi fc 1909 and carpi fc 1909.
a.c. chievo verona play in the serie a league which is in the serie a league.
a.c. lumezzane's ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for c.d. fas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn f.c. halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who played for sparta rotterdam.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the fylde.
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for the italy national football team.
a.s. roma's ground is in rome, italy.
acf fiorentina play in serie a in italy.
the manager of afc ajax is frank de boer who plays for ajax youth academy.
afc ajax n.v. owns afc ajax.
amsterdam's ground is in amsterdam, where eberhard van der laan is the leader.
afc ajax (amateurs) played in the topklasse in the 2014-2015 season.
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan.
az alkmaar's full name is alkmaar zaanstreek.
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and their full name is"agremiação sportiva arapiraquense".
akron summit assault ground is in akron, ohio, united states.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain.
ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients in ajoblanco.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional in lazio region of lazio.
bandeja paisa is found in the antioquia department region of colombia.
arem-arem is a food found in indonesia.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy and contains olive oil.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy and is from italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain and contains squid.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in the region of the valencian community.
ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and sambal.
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader.
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon explosion.
the alternative name for a bacon sandwich is bread and it contains bread as an ingredient.
china all claim to have originated in the united states or china.
standard chinese is a language spoken in china and the language spoken is standard chinese.
baked alaska and cookies are types of dessert.
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
shortcrust pastry is a variation of bakewell pudding and is a variation of bakewell pudding.
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and contains shrimp.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino are ethnic groups.
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where standard chinese is spoken.
tony tan is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow is a dish.
bhajji comes from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
bhajji is a dish from the pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
banana is an ingredient in binignit recipes. the main ingredient of binignit is banana.
sago is an ingredient of binignit along with sago.
sweet potato belongs to flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit.
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which is of the order solanales.
granola is an ingredient in bionico, a dish served for dessert.
honey can be added to bionico, a dish served for dessert.
ice cream is a dessert, as is bionico.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay which has peanut sauce as an ingredient.
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 and retired on 1st august 1974.
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin is now retired.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11.
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny.
aurakles was created by len wein and len wein.
the comic character ballistic was created by doug moench and doug moench.
graeme garden stars in bananaman which stars graeme garden.
bill oddie, who starred in bananaman, was born in lancashire.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway which was created by jerry ordway.
the black pirate was created by jon valor.
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, and has a runway length of 3500.0.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes and is located in san sebastián de los reyes.
agra airport is located in india, where the leader is called t s thakur.
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq is 618 feet above sea level.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas which is part of the community of madrid.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a runway length of 877.0.
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in the jinnah international airport.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and is operated by the schiphol group.
andrews county airport is located 973 metres above sea level and is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin.
angola international airport serves luanda and serves luanda.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
the new zealand's ardmore airport is made from poaceae which is of the order poales.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and serves the city of athens.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and serves the city of athens.
san sebastian de los reyes is part of the community of madrid in the community of madrid.
the director of acharya institute of technology is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar.
the all india council for technical education was given the 'technical campus' status by all india council for technical education.
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association in brussels.
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka, karnataka, which is west of karnataka.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the ethnic group is coloured.
200 public square in cleveland has a floor count of 45.
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead via the european parliament.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena at north wall, dublin.
3arena in east link bridge is owned by live nation entertainment.
the owner of 3arena in beverly nation entertainment is beverly hills, california.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which has 23 floors.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall and has a height of 42 metres.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken.
the address of alan b miller hall was 101 ukrop way.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
the mason school of business are the tenant of alan b miller hall in the architect robert a.m. stern.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where ampara hospital is located.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located in u.s. route 83 and has the reference number 88002539.
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd, pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823.
asilomar conference grounds is located on pacific grove, california and added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths are located on 23rd street, manhattan and was constructed in 1904.
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat.
the atatürk monument in izmir was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is made of red granite and white marble.
dead man's plack is dedicated to æthelwald, ealdorman of east anglia and is dedicated to æthelwald, ealdorman of east anglia.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco, a dish from the andalusia region of spain.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain and includes water.
banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of arem-arem which is a variation of the javanese cuisine.
arem-arem is a main course dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce.
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and is from the catalonia region of spain.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain and cubanelle peppers.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia and sumatra and malay peninsula.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area, in the united states. the main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom and contains bacon.
brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom and contains brown sauce.
one of the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich is a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and china.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake (or christmas pudding) are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire.
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be varied by using ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire.
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
batagor is a dish from the country of indonesia. the main ingredients are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken in singapore.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore and gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia. the main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore.
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the currency is the indian rupee.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is called t s thakur and sumitra mahajan.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india where the leader is narendra modi.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. vajubhai vala is the leader of the country.
binignit is a dessert that can be found in the solanales order of plants.
chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of bionico, a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico.
sour cream, chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of bionico.
bakso is food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines, where philippine spanish is spoken and the llocano people are an ethnic group.
the euro is the currency in spain where the euro is the currency in spain.
the full name of a.c. chievo verona is associazione calcio chievoverona s.r.l. and their ground is verona, italy.
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by rolando maran, who was born in italy, has managed ac chievo verona.
michele marcolini manages the a.c. lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is "associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl" and they have 5300 members.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is "associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl" and they have 5300 members.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members and played in the 2014-15 serie b season.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. (abbreviated to a.s.roma) has 70634 members and played in serie a in 2014-15.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where the azal arena is the champions.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where the champions of which are qarabag fk.
john van den brom has been the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eehoorn.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has the nickname asa gigante.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league whose champions are vila nova futebol clube.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season and has 3000 members.
k-w united fc have been champions of the premier development league, where the champions are k-w united fc.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. (abbreviated to a.s.roma) play in serie a where juventus fc have been champions.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by david weber, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins.
the author of a fortress of grey ice is j.v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press.
a severed wasp is available in print and has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp is from the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313.
addiction (journal) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 1360-0443.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities, cornell university in ithaca, new york.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
am. j. math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the english language is spoken in great britain.
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom where david cameron is the leader.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken in great britain.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was first broadcast by stv.
the comic character bolt was created by both dan mishkin and the puerto rican national, ernie colon.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and starred jamie chung.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph and the american, duncan rouleau.
alan bean was a us national who was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas. he graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and is affiliated with the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 which was commanded by frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas, united states.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, spain and is operated by enaire.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states bombing of libya in 1986.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force, whose aircraft fighter is the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon aircraft carriers.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is the provincial assembly of the punjab.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and serves the city of alpena, michigan.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the language spoken is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the spanish language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium and has jurisdiction of the flemish region.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, which is part of dale, wisconsin.
ardmore airport (new zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which is of the order of poales and commelinids.
ardmore airport (new zealand) has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 597.0.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey in the united states.
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the surface of the second runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where cyril ramaphosa and cyril ramaphosa are leaders in south africa.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the capital is cape town and the asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, where the governing body is cleveland city council.
the postmodern style of 250 delaware avenue is 30843.8 square metres and has 12 floors.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, which is part of dupage county, illinois, united states.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark and has 23 floors.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by the architects of 3xn and has 23 floors.
the architectural style of adisham hall in sri lanka is tudor and jacobean.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the language is tamil.
the architectural style of adisham hall in sri lanka was started in 1927 and is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the mason school of business is located in virginia in the united states and the mason school of business is located in virginia.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states and was completed on june 1st, 2009.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india, where the leader is narendra modi.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, ahmedabad.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
ampara hospital is located in eastern province, sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
the architect of asilomar conference grounds are julia morgan who was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach.
the architect of asilomar conference grounds are julia morgan who was born in california and has the riverside art museum.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, new netherland, united states.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia. the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, where paul ryan is a leader in the united states.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has 100 academic staff.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. the campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, united states, where the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b.s.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he graduated from nwc with
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey. he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 mission.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th of october 1933 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b.m. reddy.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india has 250 academic staff.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka, india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
