alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and is now retired.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 18 november 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 1998-07-21 and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 and was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 and was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he was a crew member of apollo 11. he was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 in dallas. he was a student at university of texas at austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system. he was a student at university of texas at austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states and was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and its leader is federal chancellor johann schneider-ammann.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west and the arabian sea to the west.
the acharya institute of technology in the city of belgaum, is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania which is lead by prime minister klaus iohannis and is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the bavarian crisis is preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634: the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 the cannon law.
the issn number of aip advances is 2158.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover.
a long long way has the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number of 1-56947-301-3.
madeleine l'engle is the author of a severed wasp.
a wizard of mars is written in english.
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459.
above the veil is available in hardcover.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is mathematics.
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac.
addiction (journal) has the oclc number 27367194.
addiction journal is published by wiley-blackwell.
the lccn number of administrative science quarterly is 57059226.
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811.
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the mpact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1.337.
the novel castle was followed by aenir.
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red.
hiv is from the genus lentivirus.
wolf solent is the notable work of john cowper powys.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
joe biden is a leader of the united states.
john cowper powys is the author of wolf solent.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
alan shepard died in california.
william anders is the backup pilot of apollo 11.
apollo 14 was operated by nasa.
apollo 8 is operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin is an american.
elliot see was a test pilot.
university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system.
the mascot of university of texas at austin is hook'em.
the manager of 1. fc koln is peter stoger.
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
a.c. lumezzane played in the lega pro season.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva.
the full name of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
afc blackpool have 1500 members.
a.f.c. fylde's ground is the fylde.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members.
a.s. roma played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s nickname is joden & godenzonen.
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
azal pfk is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
az alkmaar has 17023 members.
the manager of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is vica.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense played in the campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school.
akron summit assault has 3000 members.
amsterdam-centrum is a part of amsterdam.
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis.
gus poyet plays for aek athens f.c.
jens hartel plays for sv germania schoneiche.
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a.d. isidro metapán.
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in marousi.
the champions of the premier development league is k-w united fc.
stuart parker (footballer) plays for bury fc.
the leader of aarhus is jacob bundsgaard.
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702.0.
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes.
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is 14l/32r.
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is 14r/32l.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero.
agra airport is located in agra.
al-taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level.
alderney is served by alderney airport.
18r/36l is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport.
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0.
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1/19.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam.
andrews, texas is the county seat of andrews county, texas.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews.
the runway name of andrews county airport is 11/29.
helipad is the runway name of andrews county airport.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda.
ardmore airport (new zealand)'s location is auckland.
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis.
athens international airport is located in spata.
german is the language spoken in belgium.
the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium.
the capital of denmark is copenhagen.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark.
the flemish government leads the flemish government.
greek is spoken in greece.
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis.
harrietstown, new york is part of the united states.
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan.
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid.
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey.
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain.
saranac lake, new york is part of the united states.
south jersey transportation authority's chief is stephen dilts.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
alba iulia is in romania.
alba iulia is part of alba county.
romania's patron saint is andrew the apostle.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny.
the comic character auron was created by marv wolfman.
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby.
stv broadcast bananaman stv.
bananaman was first aired on 10/03/1983.
bill oddie stars in bananaman.
baymax is a character in big hero 6.
bill everett was written by eisner award.
bill oddie's child is kate hardie.
dan mishkin is the creator of the comic character bolt.
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard.
john buscema won the eagle award (comics).
marv wolfman won the eagle award (comics).
the area code of abilene, texas is 325.
abilene is part of texas.
the leader of albany, georgia is mayor.
the total area of albany, oregon is 45.97 square kilometres.
albany, oregon is located in the united states.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is state senate.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by albuquerque city council.
amarillo is the country of amarillo, texas.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas.
amarillo is part of the united states.
the area code for anaheim, california is 657.
anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
the leader of ann arbor, michigan is the mayor.
the population density of ann arbor, michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
antioch, california is 13.0 above sea level.
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch, california.
arlington, texas is 184.0 above sea level.
atlantic county, new jersey is in the united states.
attica is part of fountain county, indiana.
auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
california is in the united states.
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia.
georgia is in the u.s. state of georgia.
the capital of indiana is indianapolis.
lee county, alabama is located in alabama.
trenton is the capital of new jersey.
potter county, texas is in texas.
tarrant county, texas is in the united states.
the largest city in washtenaw county, michigan is ann arbor, michigan.
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco.
arem-arem is nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
arem arem comes from the region of indonesia.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre.
squid is an ingredient in arros negre.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia.
avocado is a member of the genus persea.
ayam penyet should be served hot.
baked alaska is a dessert.
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart.
noodles are an ingredient in bakso.
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso.
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
barny cakes mondelez international was created by mondelez international.
chocolate is a variation of barny cakes.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines.
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy.
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy.
binignit is a dish from the visayas region.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales.
cake is a variation of dessert.
ice cream is a dessert.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
italians inhabit italy.
the baduy are an ethnic group in java.
lemon is a member of the order of rosids.
mexicans inhabit mexico.
spanish is spoken in mexico.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines.
shumai is a variation of siomay.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument (izmir).
the atatürk monument (izmir) is made of bronze.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made from red granite and white marble.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row.
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983.
200 public square was completed in 1985.
the building of 20 fenchurch street was january 2009.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom.
300 north lasalle has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena.
the 3arena is located in east link bridge.
the building of adare manor started in adare manor.
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland.
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art is 2813.09-28.
the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b. miller hall.
amdavad ni gufa is b v doshi.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was designed by the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904.
birmingham's postcode is the postal code of birmingham.
chicago is part of dupage county, illinois.
dublin is located in the republic of ireland.
dublin is part of leinster.
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india.
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan.
the leader of japan is tarō asō.
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international.
the english language is spoken in the republic of ireland.
cape town is the capital of south africa.
london is the capital of the united kingdom.
paul ryan is a leader in the united states.
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain and is also known as ajo blanco.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain and is found in andalusia.
joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders in indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla.
arem-arem is found nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java. the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region of italy. it includes chili pepper.
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region of italy. it includes the ingredient garlic.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region, spain.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
the main ingredients of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce. the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
bacon explosion comes from the united states and contains bacon and sausage.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the president of the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader.
condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom.
baked alaska comes from the region of new york and france.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states and comes from the united states.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the cookie course.
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the confectionery dessert.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the kidney bean region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader of france.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein and 18 grams of carbs.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and is found in indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which comes from india.
bhajji comes from the country india where the leader is called t s thakur.
bhajji originates from india where the leader is narendra modi.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which has gram flour and vegetables.
binignit is a dish from the philippines and is found in the philippines.
sour cream is an ingredient in bionico which comes from mexico.
bionico is a food found in mexico and is found in the jalisco region of mexico.
celery is a member of the family apium and is from the genus apium.
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and cake.
jakarta is the capital of indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
ayam penyet is a food found in java, where the baduy are an ethnic group.
ayam penyet is a dish from java, where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the leader is felipe vi of spain.
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta and it has 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is the motto of the acharya institute of technology.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india.
the acharya institute of technology in tennis was established in the international tennis federation.
awh engineering college is located in india where the ganges river is spoken.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania, where the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the latin name is "universitas apulensis".
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where cyril ramaphosa is the leader.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma and coloured people are an ethnic group.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma and the white south africans are one of the ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, united states where the leader is frank g jackson.
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo, new york, which is part of new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which was completed in december 2008.
the 3arena was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark and is located in denmark. the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn.
james pain was the architect of adare manor, which was completed in 1862.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall which is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
adisham hall in sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and was inaugurated on 28 january 2013.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan.
the college of william and mary is the building of the alan b. miller hall which is owned by the college of william and mary and is owned by the college of william and mary.
the chancellor of the college of william and mary is robert gates and the chancellor of the college of william and mary is robert gates.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, usa. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia. the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall.
ampara hospital has 476 beds.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was constructed in 1911 and was added to the national register of historic places on 1988-11-22.
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths are located in asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan.
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india where amdavad ni gufa is located.
the comic character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson.
tony hall, baron hall of birkenhead is the key person for the bbc which is located in london.
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 and starred bill oddie.
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and steven t. seagle.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and the full name bibbo bibbowski.
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roland desmond and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by ernie colon and dan mishkin.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin.
a.c. cesena has 23900 members and play in the serie b league.
massimo drago manages a.c. cesena and plays for calcio catania.
a.c. lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the 2014 season.
a.d. isidro metapan's full name isidro metapan and has 10000 members.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where prokopis pavlopoulos is a leader.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for kv mechelen.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is warton, fylde.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for the real madrid cf club.
the full name of a.s. roma is associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. they have 70634 members and their ground is in rome, italy.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece.
afc ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014 season and have 5000 members.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league which has the champions of qarabag fk.
az alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school in the premier development league, which k-w united fc were previous champions.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella.
the ground of aek athens fc is the olympic stadium (athens) in the olympic stadium (athens).
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has franklin county to its west.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is located in azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner.
abilene, texas is located in taylor county, texas, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, madrid and has a length of 4100.0.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force. the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and invasion of grenada.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who is operated by the united states air force.
the alderney airport serves the city of alderney and serves the city of alderney.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where houston is the largest city.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, angola. it has a runway length of 4000.0.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, angola and is located in icolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is owned by the flemish region.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and serves the city of antwerp. it serves the city of antwerp.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly, wisconsin.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, usa.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat and is 211 metres above sea level.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae, which is of the order of commelinids.
alan bean was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 which was operated by nasa.
alan shepard died in california, where dianne feinstein is a senator.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and spent 52 minutes in space. he was a member of the apollo 11 crew.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and died in california.
elliot see was chosen by nasa in 1962 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and was a crew member of apollo 8.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was published in print and has the isbn number 978-1-4165-4253-7.
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has 512 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1046-8188.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1558-2868.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins.
aip advances was edited by a.t. charlie johnson who resides in the united states. the editor of aip advances is american institute of physics.
the editor of aip advances (abbreviated to aip adv.) is aaidbi.
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a long long way was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 and the library of congress classification of print.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil was preceded by australian novel castle.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the issn number 1588-2632.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the issn number 0236-5294.
the acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol.) has the issn number 1732-2421.
addiction (journal) is abbreviated to addiction, has the issn number 0965-2140.
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
the american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math) has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications who publishes administrative science quarterly and publishes the administrative science quarterly.
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom, where david cameron is a leader.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states, where english is the language spoken in the united states.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is gordon marsden and has been the manager of afc blackpool which is in blackpool where gordon marsden is the leader.
gus poyet has been the champions of the superleague of greece, where olympiacos f.c. were past champions.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca and has vila nova futebol clube.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has 17000 members.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the capital is london and the leader is elizabeth ii.
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo, new york and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
dáil éireann is a leader in dublin where the 3arena is located in dublin.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the leader of japan is tarō asō.
the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. gujarat's leader is called gujarat legislative assembly.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is called ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in california and was born in california and hearst castle.
julia morgan was born in california and significant buildings including the riverside art museum and the riverside art museum.
the asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
the asser levy public baths are located at 23rd street, manhattan and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new york and is lead by gale brewer.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham, which is lead by andrew mitchell and the b postcode.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where mulatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president of the united states.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden is a leader in the us.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio, switzerland. it has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and is located in ticino.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore, karnataka, which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene, jones county, texas, united states.
abilene, texas is served by abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway named 17l/35r.
abilene, texas is served by abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway named 17r/35l.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 4349.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the native name of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase, which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force fought battles in the united states air force. the boeing c-17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft of the united states air force.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase, which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and the lockheed ac-130 attack aircraft.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force fought battles in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama. the united states air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and invasion of panama.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan and serves the city of lahore.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
the flemish department of mobility and public works is the operating organisation for antwerp international airport which is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway named 3/21.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin which is part of menasha (town), wisconsin.
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport, new zealand which is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines and is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway named 12r/30l.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport which is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873.0.
the flemish government has jurisdiction of the flemish region where charles michel is the leader of belgium.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, which is part of harrietstown, new york, united states.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is a dish from the andalusia region of spain. the main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy, where the language is italian and sergio mattarella is a leader and the italian language is spoken.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community, where the leader is ximo puig and the leader is ximo puig.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia.
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore.
ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and the malaysian chinese.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gérard larcher.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and is from the paisa region of colombia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and is from the paisa region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher and claude bartolone are leaders.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken in france.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob and the leader is halimah yacob.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region where the leader is vajubhai vala.
jesús casillas romero is the leader of jalisco where bionico is a food found in mexico.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico, where enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico.
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob and english is spoken.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the official language is philippine english and one of the ethnic groups are the igorot people.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob and the leader is halimah yacob.
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain, where the leader is felipe vi.
a long long way was written in ireland where the ethnic group of the secret scripture is white people.
a long long way was written in ireland where the ethnic group is white people.
above the veil was preceded by the novel castle and was preceded by the novel castle and was preceded by the novel castle.
cornell university is in ithaca, new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
cornell university is in ithaca, new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. african americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where joe biden is a leader in that country.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader of that country.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer and the parent company is wolters kluwer.
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the native americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the native americans are an ethnic group.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot who was born in wheeler, texas.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 18th november 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of nasa's apollo 14 mission.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 which was operated by nasa and spent 100305 minutes in space.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis on february 28,1966.
elliot see was born in dallas, texas. he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis and died in st. louis.
william anders was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 which was operated by nasa. the backup pilot of apollo 8 was buzz aldrin.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the national assembly is the leader of azerbaijan where the national assembly is the legislature of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers kil
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd, 1983 and starred tim brooke-taylor.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and starred in the film big hero 6.
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in e book.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in hardcover.
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst. and the coden code is atiset.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is from.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages.
a long long way has the oclc number 57392246 and the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
diane duane authored a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and its isbn number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil was preceded by aenir and is the sequel to aenir.
aenir was followed by above the veil which was followed by above the veil.
aenir is the sequel to aenir which was preceded by the novel castle.
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science business media and publishes the acta mathematica hungarica.
administrative science quarterly is abbreviated to admin. sci. q. and coden code of ascqag.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
the aids journal is published in the orthoretrovirinae discipline of hiv which has the academic discipline hiv.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is the language spoken.
a.c. cesena play in serie b which has carpi fc 1909 as champions.
a.c. chievo verona's ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league.
pietro grasso and pietro grasso are leaders of italy.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for c.d. fas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for sparta rotterdam.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the fylde.
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in bryning lane.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team.
a.s. roma's ground is in rome, italy and they play in the serie a league.
acf fiorentina play in serie a in italy.
frank de boer manages the afc ajax and plays for ajax youth academy.
afc ajax n.v. own afc ajax which has 53502 members.
amsterdam is the ground of afc ajax (amateurs) in amsterdam.
afc ajax (amateurs) played in the topklasse in the 2014-15 topklasse season.
azal arena is located in shuvalan and is located in shuvalan.
alkmaar zaanstreek is the full name of az alkmaar, which has 17023 members.
estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is the location of the ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense which is located in brazil.
the full name of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is "agremiação sportiva arapiraquense".
akron summit assault team is in akron, ohio, united states.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
bread is an ingredient in ajoblanco which comes from spain.
ajoblanco is from andalusia in andalusia.
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of lazio.
bandeja paisa is from the antioquia department region of colombia.
banana leaf is an ingredient of arem arem which is from indonesia.
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome.
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain and spain.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community.
the main ingredients of ayam penyet is "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
sausage is an ingredient of a bacon explosion which comes from the united states.
john roberts is the leader of the united states where the bacon explosion comes from.
bacon explosion is a main course dish from main course.
the alternative name for a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france, united states or china.
standard chinese is spoken in china where baked alaska is from.
baked alaska and cookies are types of dessert.
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding is ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding.
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the genus citrus.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and contains shrimp.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where chinese filipino people are an ethnic group.
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where standard chinese is spoken.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
the pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are ingredients in bhajji which comes from the pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
binignit includes the ingredient banana.
sago is the main ingredient of binignit along with sago.
sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes.
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which is of the order solanales.
bionico is served at the dessert course and contains granola.
honey can be added to bionico which contains honey.
ice cream is a dessert. ice cream is a dessert.
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay which is a variation of siomay.
alan shepard retired on august 1, 1974.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin is now retired.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
the comic book character asterix was created by rene goscinny and rene goscinny.
aurakles was created by len wein and len wein.
the comic character ballistic was created by doug moench and kelvin mao.
graeme garden stars in bananaman which stars graeme garden.
lancashire born bill oddie starred in bananaman.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway, an american.
the black pirate was created by sheldon moldoff and sheldon moldoff.
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas and is located in alcobendas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0.
agra airport is located in india, where the leader is called t s thakur.
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq, is 618 feet above sea level.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is operated by the united states air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, madrid.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a runway length of 877.0.
the pakistan civil aviation authority (headquartered in jinnah international airport) is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and is operated by schiphol group.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and serves luanda.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat.
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes, madrid.
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar.
acharya institute of technology's official school colours are blue, white and orange and was given the 'technical campus' status by blue, white and orange.
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka which has arabian sea to its west.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the coloured people are an ethnic group.
200 public square is located in cleveland and has 45 floors.
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead by the european parliament.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located in north wall, dublin.
3arena is located in east link bridge, east link bridge.
3arena is located in beverly hills, california and is owned by live nation entertainment.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken.
the address of alan b. miller hall in 101 ukrop way is 101 ukrop way.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
the mason school of business are the architects of the alan b. miller hall in robert a.m. stern.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located at u.s. route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places.
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd, pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823.
asilomar conference grounds was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987.
asser levy public baths is located on 23rd street, manhattan and were constructed in 1904.
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and is made of red granite and white marble.
the dead man's plack is made from rock and dedicated to æthelwald, ealdorman of east anglia.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which comes from andalusia in spain.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain and has water as an ingredient.
lemper is an ingredient of arem-arem which is a variation of the javanese cuisine from the javanese cuisine. the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
arem-arem is a main course dish from the compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome in italy.
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and is found in the catalonia region of spain.
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and cubanelle peppers.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula and is also known as asam padeh.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states. the main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington d.c.
bacon is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which has the alternative name of blt.
brown sauce is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which has the alternative name of blt.
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and the main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake (or christmas pudding) and is a dish from the united states.
bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding and is a variant of bakewell pudding and is from the derbyshire dales region.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region of the derbyshire dales and its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where the dish bakewell pudding originates.
red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
batagor is a dish from the country of indonesia and is a variation of the siomay dish.
batagor is a variation of shumai which is a variation of shumai and siomay.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob.
oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is narendra modi.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is called t s thakur and sumitra mahajan.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leader is narendra modi.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region where the leader is vajubhai vala.
one of the ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and cookies are types of dessert.
chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico.
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
bakso is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
bakso is a food found in indonesia, where jusuf kalla is a leader.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is the leader.
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java, where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is philippine spanish and the language spoken is philippine spanish.
the euro is the currency in spain where arròs negre is a traditional dish.
associazione calcio chievoverona s.r.l. is the full name of a.c. chievo verona which has 39371 members and played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
rolando maran was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s.s.d. club and plays for unione triestina 2012 s.s.d. club.
michele marcolini has been the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino f.c. and f.c. bari 1908.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl. they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is called stadio pietro barbetti and they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members and played in the 2014-15 serie b season.
a.s. roma's full name is associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. they have 70634 members and played in the 2014-15 season in serie a.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league which is located in azerbaijan. they play in the azerbaijan premier league which is located in azerbaijan.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league which has 3500 members and play in the azerbaijan premier league.
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a.ş.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has the nickname of vila nova futebol clube.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where the champions are vila nova futebol clube.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which k-w united fc have been champions.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the official language is italian.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. (abbreviated to a.s. roma) play in serie a where juventus fc have been champions.
1634: the bavarian crisis is preceded by 1634: the baltic war, which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war, which was written by david weber.
virginia demarce is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which has 512 pages. the isbn number is 1-4165-2060-0.
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the capital is london and the capital is london.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and is available in print and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a long long way was written in ireland and was followed by the secret scripture.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
addiction (journal) has the issn number 1360-0443 and the lccn number 93645978.
cornell university is in ithaca, new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and african americans are an ethnic group.
the american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math) has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken in great britain.
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the uk where david cameron is a leader.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and starred tim brooke-taylor.
the comic book character bolt was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans, jr.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars jamie chung.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph and starred maya rudolph.
alan bean was a member of the apollo 12 crew and commanded by david scott.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957. he retired on august 1st, 1974.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 14.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 which was operated by nasa and commanded by david scott.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey in the essex county in new jersey.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927. he died in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is part of the kingdom of france.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin as the backup pilot on apollo 8 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, azerbaijan where the capital is baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the capital is baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas in the united states.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is found in alcobendas, spain. enaire is located in madrid, spain.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. the runway name is 18r/36l and the runway name is 18r/36l.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which has the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase, which is operated by the united states air force. the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and invasion of grenada.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is located in punjab, pakistan which is lead by the provincial assembly of the punjab.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and serves the city of alpena, michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway named 06/24 kaagbaan and has a runway named 06/24 kaagbaan.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the english language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where spanish is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where houston is the capital.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp and is served by antwerp international airport.
appleton international airport is located at 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, which is part of menasha (town), wisconsin.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the order of commelinids.
ardmore airport (new zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae and is 34 metres above sea level. the 3rd runway is made of poaceae. the runway name is 03r/21l and its 3rd runway is made of poaceae.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, spain. enaire is located in madrid, spain.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey in the united states. the airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport (new zealand).
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town and the leader is cyril ramaphosa.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town and the white south africans are one of the ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio. cleveland city council is the governing body of cleveland.
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and was started in january 2014 and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is susana mendoza.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors.
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is owned by bella center and has 23 floors.
the architectural style of adisham hall in sri lanka, adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte. adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in tudor revival and was completed in 1931.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. gujarat is the address of amdavad ni gufa.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach.
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan, who was born in california and the riverside art museum.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, new york city, united states.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia which is part of addis ababa.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where paul ryan is a leader of the united states.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students and was established in 1996.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in the city of belgaum was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india has 700 postgraduate students and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, united states. the monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is located in azerbaijan where the capital is baku.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas on march 15th, 1932. he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b.s.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he was a crew member of apollo 14. he was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957. he was a crew member of apollo 14. he was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11. he is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey in the essex county in new jersey. he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 in dallas. he attended the university of texas at austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system and was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st louis on 28 february 1966.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india has 250 academic staff. kerala has mahe, india to its northwest.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. the director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and the director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar.
