alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and is now retired.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959.
alan shepard was born on the 18th of november 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on july 21, 1998 and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in the massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas and died on feb 28, 1966 in st. louis.
elliot see was born on july 23rd, 1927 in dallas. he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system. he died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army so
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick, maryland and was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and is owned by the national park service.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider-ammann.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka, which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the acharya institute of technology in the city of belgaum, is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928. it has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint.
1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634: the ram rebellion was followed by 1635: the cannon law.
the eissn number of aip advances is 2158.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover.
the isbn number of a long long way is 0-670-03380-4.
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
a severed wasp was written by madeleine l'engle.
a wizard of mars is written in english.
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459.
above the veil is available in hardcover.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
acta mathematica hungarica discipline is mathematics.
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac.
the oclc number of addiction journal is 27367194.
the addiction journal is published by wiley-blackwell.
the lccn number of administrative science quarterly is 57059226.
aenir has the oclc number 45644811.
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the impact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1.337.
the novel castle followed the novel castle.
cornell university nickname is cornell big red.
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus.
john cowper powys notable works is wolf solent.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
joe biden is a leader in the united states.
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
alan shepard died in california.
william anders is the backup pilot of apollo 11.
apollo 14 was operated by nasa.
apollo 8 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin is an american.
elliot see was a test pilot.
the university of texas at austin is affiliated to the university of texas system.
hook'em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin.
peter stoger is the manager of fc kolin.
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
a.c. lumezzane played in the lega pro in 2014-15.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva".
the full name of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
afc blackpool has 1500 members.
a.f.c. fylde's ground is the fylde.
a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy.
as livorno calcio has 19238 members.
a.s. roma played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax.
joden , godenzonen is the nickname for afc ajax (amateurs).
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
azal pfk is in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
az alkmaar has 17023 members.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense are managed by vica.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school.
akron summit assault has 3000 members.
amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam.
greece's leader is nikos voutsis.
gus poyet's club is aek athens fc.
jens hartel plays for sv germania schoneiche.
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a.d. isidro metapan.
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in marousi.
k-w united fc have been champions of the premier development league.
stuart parker (footballer) plays for bury fc.
the leader of aarhus is jacob bundsgaard.
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702.0.
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes.
14l/32r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
14r/32l is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero.
agra airport is located in agra.
al-taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level.
alderney is served by alderney airport.
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r/36l.
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0.
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1/19.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam.
andrews county is in texas.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews, texas.
11/29 is the runway name of andrews county airport.
helipad is the runway name of andrews county airport.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda.
ardmore airport in new zealand is located in auckland.
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis.
athens international airport is located in spata.
german is a language spoken in belgium.
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium.
copenhagen is the capital of denmark.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark.
the flemish region is led by the flemish government.
greek is spoken in greece.
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis.
harrietstown, new york is part of the united states.
the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali.
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid.
four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey.
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain.
saranac lake, new york is part of the united states.
south jersey transportation authority's chief is stephen dilts.
accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100.
the campus of acharya institute of technology is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
alba iulia is in romania.
alba iulia is part of alba county.
andrew the apostle is the patron saint of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny.
the comic book character auron was created by marv wolfman.
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby.
stv broadcast bananaman.
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983.
bill oddie stars in bananaman.
baymax is a character in big hero 6.
bill everett was awarded the eisner award.
the child bill oddie's child is kate hardie.
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin.
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard.
john buscema won the eagle award (comics).
marv wolfman won the eagle award (comics).
the area code for abilene, texas is 325.
abilene is part of texas.
the leader of albany is georgia.
albany, oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
albany is located in the united states.
state senate is the leader of albuquerque, new mexico.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by albuquerque city council.
amarillo, texas is in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas.
amarillo is part of the united states.
the area code for anaheim, california is 657.
anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
the leader of ann arbor in michigan is the mayor.
the population density of ann arbor, michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
antioch, california has an elevation of 13 above sea level.
the california s 11th state assembly district is the title of the leader of antioch, california.
arlington, texas is 184 above sea level.
atlantic county, new jersey is in the united states.
attica is part of fountain county, indiana.
auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
california is in the united states.
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia.
georgia is in the united states.
the capital of indiana is indianapolis.
lee county, alabama state is situated in alabama.
trenton is the capital of new jersey.
potter county, texas is in texas.
tarrant county, texas is located within the united states.
the largest city in washtenaw county, michigan is ann arbor, michigan.
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco.
the main ingredients of ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
arem-arem is from the region of nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
arem arem comes from indonesia.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre.
squid is an ingredient of arros negre.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia.
avocado is a member of the genus persea.
ayam penyet should be served hot.
baked alaska is a dessert.
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart.
noodles are an ingredient in bakso.
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso.
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
barny cakes were created by mondelez international.
barny cakes contain chocolate.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines.
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy.
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy.
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales.
cake is a dessert.
ice cream is a dessert.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
italians inhabit italy.
baduy is an ethnic group in java.
lemon is a rosids.
mexicans inhabit mexico.
spanish is spoken in mexico.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines.
shumai is a variation of siomay.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument (izmir).
the atatürk monument is made of bronze.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made of red granite and white marble.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row.
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983.
200 public square was completed in 1985.
the building of 20 fenchurch street began in january 2009.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom.
300 north lasalle has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena.
the 3arena is located at east link bridge.
the start date of adare manor was started in 1700.
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland.
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art is 2013-09-28.
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b. miller hall.
the architect b v doshi is the architect of amdavad ni gufa.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 22 february 1988.
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904.
birmingham's postcode area has the postcode area.
chicago is part of dupage county, illinois.
dublin is in the republic of ireland.
dublin is part of leinster.
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india.
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan.
the leader of japan is tarō asō.
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international.
the english language is spoken in the republic of ireland.
cape town is the capital of south africa.
london is the capital of the united kingdom.
paul ryan is a leader in the united states.
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is also known as ajo blanco.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where joko widodo is the leader.
arem-arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce is from.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy.
arrabbiata sauce includes garlic and is from italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region, spain.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra and malay peninsula.
ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
bacon explosion is a dish from the united states and contains bacon.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group.
condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom.
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the region of new york.
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states.
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert.
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein and 18 grams of carbs.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia. it includes oyster sauce.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from india.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is t.s. thakur.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is narendra modi.
bhajji includes gram flour and vegetables.
sweet potato and banana are the main ingredients of binignit which is eaten in the philippines.
sour cream is an ingredient in bionico which comes from mexico.
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco, mexico. it includes raisins.
celery is a member of the genus apium.
bionico is a dessert found in the country of the dessert, cake.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the baduy are an ethnic group.
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
arròs negre is from spain where the leader is felipe vi.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in switzerland and has 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology is in bangalore, india.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is the president of the acharya institute of technology.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is governed by the international tennis federation.
the ganges is a river in india.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the latin name is "universitas apostle.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where cyril ramaphosa is a leader.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the leader is jacob zuma and the leader is jacob zuma.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma.
200 public square is located in cleveland, united states, where frank g jackson is a leader.
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo, new york, which is part of erie county, new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which was completed in december 2008.
the 3arena, dublin was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn and it is located in denmark.
james pain was the architect of adare manor, which was completed in 1862.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of the addis ababa city hall and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
adisham hall was completed in 1931, is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and was inaugurated in 2013-09-28.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall began in the college of william and mary.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the college of william and mary, which is owned by the college of william and mary which is owned by the college of william and mary.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the college of william and mary owns alan b. miller hall.
ampara hospital has 476 beds.
ampara hospital is located in eastern province, sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u.s. route 83 and was constructed in 1911.
asilomar conference grounds was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, united states, which is part of manhattan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in india, where the leader is sumitra mahajan.
the comic book character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson.
tony hall, baron hall of birkenhead is the key person at the bbc which is located in london.
bill oddie stars in bananaman which was broadcast by stv.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which first appeared in the film big hero 6.
bo bibbowski is a character in bibbo bibbowski.
the comic character, blockbuster, was created by roger stern and tom lyle.
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon.
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and paris cullins.
a.c. cesena has 23900 members and play in the serie b league.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for calcio catania.
a.c. lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the lega pro/a season.
a.d. isidro metapan's full name is isidro metapan and has 10000 members.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leader is prokopis pavlopoulos.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for kv mechelen.
afc fylde has the full name "association football club fylde", they have 3180 members.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for genoa c.f.c.
the full name of a.s. roma is associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. and they have 70634 members.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece.
afc ajax (amateurs) competed in the 2014 season and have 5000 members.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk.
az alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has the vila nova futebol clube.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league, brazil and vila nova futebol clube.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which k-w united fc have been champions.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in athens, where the mayor is giorgos kaminis.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has franklin county to its west.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner, is located in azerbaijan. the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in taylor county, texas, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and serves the city of saranac lake, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, has a runway length of 4100.0.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force and is operated by the indian air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3078.48.
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 733.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, angola and has a runway named south runway.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish government and is 12 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp, operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton, wisconsin, which is part of kimberly, wisconsin.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, united states.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
ashgabat international airport is located at 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp, belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the order of commelinids.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 which was operated by nasa.
alan shepard died in california, whose senator is dianne feinstein.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and spent 52 minutes in space.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and died in california.
elliot see was born in st louis on 28 february 1966.
elliot see was born on july 23rd, 1927 in dallas.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he was a crew member of apollo 8.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and has the isbn number 978-1-4165-4253-7.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank california.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has 512 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1046-8188.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1558-2868.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins.
aip advances was edited by a.t. charlie johnson who resides in the united states.
the editor of aip advances (abbreviated to aip adv.) is a.t. charlie johnson and has the coden code aaidbi.
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a long long way was written in english which is spoken in great britain.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in print form.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the isbn number is 0-374-26131-8.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 and is available in hardcover.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil was preceded by aenir and was preceded by the novel castle.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the issn number 1588-2632.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar. it has the issn number 0236-5294.
acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol.) has a issn number of 1732-2421 and an lccn number of 60040714.
addiction (journal) is abbreviated to addiction, has the issn number 0965-2140.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the oclc number 45644811.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
the american journal of mathematics (am. j. math) has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
sara miller mccune is the abbreviation for the administrative science quarterly which has the abbreviation of "admin. sci. q.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the uk.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language spoken.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is gordon marsden and has been the manager of afc blackpool.
aek athens f.c. manager is gus poyet, who plays for chelsea f.c. aek athens f.c.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's manager is vica and they have 17000 members and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the currency is the pound sterling and the capital city is london.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
adisham hall is located on st benedict's monastery, adisham, haputhale, sri lanka and was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. the leader of india is narendra modi.
the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located.
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province of sri lanka. the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in california and was designed by julia morgan, who was born in california.
julia morgan was born in california and hearst castle and the riverside art museum.
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
the asser levy public baths are located in the romanesque revival style of architecture and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, new york, united states. the leader of manhattan is gale brewer.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham which is lead by andrew mitchell.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where mulatu teshome is a leader.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is the president.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio, switzerland. it has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students and is located in ticino.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene, jones county, texas, united states.
abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0.
abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, has a runway length of 4349.0.
the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and its icao location identifier is viag.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand and the native name is kheria air force station.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force fought in the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and is operated by the united states air force.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and is operated by the united states air force.
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan and serves the city of lahore.
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where the largest city is houston and the spanish language is spoken.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola and serves the city of luanda.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway named 3/21.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin which is part of clayton winnebago county, wisconsin.
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport, new zealand and is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand.
ashgabat international airport is located at 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway named 4/22.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is a leader.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, new york, united states.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which comes from the andalusia region of spain.
amatriciana sauce contains tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and cheese, olive oil.
arem-arem is a dish from the country of indonesia where the leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community, where the leader is ximo puig.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be served hot.
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are an ethnic group.
baked alaska is from the country of france where the french language is spoken.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and is from the paisa region.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and is from the paisa region.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india, where the leader is vajubhai vala.
bionico is a dessert found in the region of jalisco where the leader is jesús casillas romero.
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales where bakewell pudding originates from.
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia, where jusuf kalla is the leader.
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
the baduy are an ethnic group from java where the baduy are an ethnic group.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines, where arabic is one of the languages spoken.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is called tony tan.
ajoblanco originates from spain where the leader is felipe vi.
a long long way was written in ireland, where the europe followed the book "a long long way".
a long long way was written in ireland, where the ethnic group is white people.
above the veil is the sequel to aenir, which was preceded by the novel castle.
cornell university, nicknamed cornell big red, is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
cornell university, nicknamed cornell big red, is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and african americans are an ethnic group.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states, where the leader is joe biden.
the aids journal is from the united kingdom where the capital is london and the leader is elizabeth ii.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins, whose parent company is wolters kluwer.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the native americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is native americans.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas in the united states.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa.
alan bean spent 100305 minutes in space as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12. alfred worden was the backup pilot.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin, which is affiliated with the university of texas system and the president is gregory l. fenves.
elliot see was born in dallas and died on feb 28, 1966 in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas, texas. he graduated from the university of texas at austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system. he died in st. louis.
william anders retired on september 1st, 1969.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army so
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was created by john geering and tim brooke-taylor.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in e-book.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in hardcover.
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst. it has the coden code atiset.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is from.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j.v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance has 1174 pages.
a long long way has the oclc number 57392246 and the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil was preceded by aenir and was preceded by aenir.
aenir was written in english and was followed by above the veil.
aenir was preceded by the novel castle.
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media and business media.
administrative science quarterly (abbreviated to admin. sci. q) is admin. sci. q.
cornell university, affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has 320 pages.
the aids journal has the academic discipline hiv.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english.
a.c. cesana's champions are carpi fc 1909.
a.c. chievo verona play in the serie a league in serie a.
a.c. lumezzane's ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for c.d. fas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis play in the a epsth 2nd group.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
stuart parker is attached to the club sparta rotterdam.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the fylde.
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in bryning lane.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team.
a.s. roma play in serie a and they play in the serie a league.
acf fiorentina play in serie a in italy.
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax.
afc ajax n.v. owns afc ajax.
amsterdam's ground is in amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader.
afc ajax (amateurs) competed in the 2014-15 topklasse season and has 5000 members.
the azal arena is in shuvalan.
az alkmaar, full name alkmaar zaanstreek, has 17023 members.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is in brazil.
the full name of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is "agremiação sportiva arapiraquense".
akron summit assault's ground is in akron, ohio, united states.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena.
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain.
ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients.
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of lazio.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia.
arem-arem is a dish from indonesia.
olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome.
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
squid is an ingredient of arros negre which comes from spain.
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arros negre which is from the region of the valencian community.
ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
bacon explosion comes from the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader.
bacon explosion is a main course and is a main course.
the alternative name for a bacon sandwich is bread.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france, united states or china.
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken.
baked alaska comes from the country of the dessert, called baked alaska.
bakewell pudding has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
shortcrust pastry is a variation of bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell pudding.
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which is eaten in the philippines.
philippines is the country batchoy comes from.
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where standard chinese is spoken.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji comes from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
bhajji includes gram flour.
binignit includes sweet potato and banana.
sago is the main ingredient of binignit along with sago.
binignit includes the ingredient of sweet potato.
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato which is of the order solanales.
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert.
honey can be added to bionico.
ice cream is a dessert, as is bionico.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay which is a variation of the same dish.
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin is retired.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny.
the character aurakles, also known as aurakles, was created by len wein.
the comic character ballistic was created by doug moench and doug moench.
graeme garden stars in bananaman which stars graeme garden.
bill oddie starred in bananaman.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
the black pirate, also known as jon valor, was created by jon valor and jon valor.
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle.
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and gary cohn.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500.
agra airport is located in india, where the leader is t s thakur.
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province, iraq.
the united states air force operate al asad airbase.
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas which is part of the community of madrid.
the alderney airport has a runway length of 877.0.
the pakistan civil aviation authority operates the allama iqbal international airport.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and operated by schiphol group.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin.
angola international airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves luanda.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level.
appleton, wisconsin is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in spata.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport can be found in san sebastián de los reyes which is part of the community of madrid.
the director of the acharya institute of technology is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
acharya institute of technology's official school colors are blue, white and orange.
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis, which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association, headquartered in brussels.
to the west of karnataka is the arabian sea.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the ethnic groups are the south africans.
200 public square has a floor count of 45.
20 fenchurch street is located in london where 20 fenchurch street is located.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
300 north lasalle is located in illinois, has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which is located at north wall, dublin.
3arena is located at east link bridge.
live nation entertainment owns 3arena which is owned by live nation entertainment.
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
the addis ababa city hall is 42 m high.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken.
the address of alan b. miller hall was 101 ukrop way.
the college of william and mary owns alan b. miller hall.
the mason school of business are the tenant of the alan b. miller hall which was designed by robert a m stern.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located at u.s. route 83 and has the reference number 88002539.
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
asilomar conference grounds was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904 is located at 23rd street (manhattan).
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, gujarat, gujarat.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is located in izmir, turkey.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti.
the dead man's plack is dedicated to æthelwald, ealdorman of east anglia.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from the andalusia region of spain.
ajoblanco (or ajo blanco) originates from the andalusia region of spain.
the main ingredients of arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of arem-arem which comes from the region of nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
cubanelle is an ingredient of arros negre which is from the catalonia region of spain.
cubanelle is an ingredient of arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam padas is a fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and it contains asam padeh.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states. the main ingredients are sausage and bacon.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and is a variation of the blt.
brown sauce is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt.
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and comes from the united kingdom.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and china.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or christmas pudding).
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is popular in the derbyshire dales region.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is popular in the derbyshire dales, derbyshire.
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and is a variation of the same dish.
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai which comes from indonesia.
standard chinese is spoken in singapore, where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia.
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is narendra modi.
bhajji comes from india where the leaders are t. s. thakur and sumitra mahajan.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india. the leader of india is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan and narendra modi are leaders.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india.
binignit is a dessert found in the order of solanales, contains sweet potato which is a dessert.
chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients of bionico which is from the guadalajara region of mexico.
sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients of bionico which is from the jalisco region of mexico.
bakso is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
the baduy are an ethnic group from java where the baduy are an ethnic group.
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines, where the language spoken is philippine spanish and the llocano people are an ethnic group.
the euro is the currency in spain where arròs negre is from.
verona, italy is the home to a.c. chievo verona who have 39371 members and played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran, who was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s.s.d. club.
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is "associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl.". they played in the 2014 season.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is "associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl.".
livorno calcio s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. livorno calcio which has 19238 members and played in the 2014-15 serie b season.
a.s. roma has 70634 members and played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk.
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena and has 3500 members.
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eehoorn and plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a.s.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's nickname is asa gigante. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has the nickname asa gigante.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has the vila nova futebol clube.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, where k-w united fc were champions.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the official language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma also play in the serie a league.
1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634: the baltic war, which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war, which was written by david weber.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
a fortress of grey ice is available in print and has the oclc number 51969173.
a long long way was written in ireland, was published by viking press.
a severed wasp has the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the isbn number is 0-374-26131-8.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
addiction (journal) has the abbreviation of "addiction" and the issn number is 1360-0443.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and african americans are an ethnic group.
the american journal of mathematics (am. j. math) has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken.
english is the language of the united states where a severed wasp is from.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the leader is elizabeth ii.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and african americans are an ethnic group.
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred tim brooke-taylor.
the comic character, bolt, was created by dan mishkin and puerto rican national ernie colon.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph.
alan bean was an american who commanded by david scott and commanded by david scott.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 14.
alan bean was a backup pilot of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa and commanded by david scott.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
elliot see was born on july 23rd, 1927 in dallas. he graduated from the university of texas at austin and was a student at the university of texas at austin.
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis.
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is affiliated with the university of texas system.
elliot see was born on july 23rd, 1927 in dallas and died in st. louis.
william anders retired on september 1st, 1969.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is located in azerbaijan where the capital is baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is called artur rasizade.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas, united states.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, spain and is operated by enaire.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the runway name is 18r/36l and it has a length of 3500.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
the united states air force fought in the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force fought in the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force fought in the invasion of grenada and the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is located in punjab, pakistan which has the pakistan civil aviation authority which has the pakistan civil aviation authority.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where english is spoken and the capital is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the language is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the spanish language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. the flemish region is served by antwerp international airport.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and serves the city of appleton, wisconsin.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, which is part of dale, wisconsin.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of commelinids.
ardmore airport in new zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. the runway length is 3048.0.
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the capital is cape town and the capital is cape town.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the capital is cape town and the capital is cape town.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, in the cuyahoga county in ohio.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is susana mendoza.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark and has 23 floors.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is owned by bella center and has 23 floors.
the architectural style of adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the language is tamil.
adisham hall was completed in 1931, is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan.
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia, united states.
the mason school of business is located in virginia and was completed on 1 june 2009.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india, where the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
ampara hospital is located in eastern province, sri lanka, where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new netherland.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who designed 103 colmore row, which was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, where paul ryan is a leader.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai, is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india has 700 postgraduate students and it has 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property and is categorised as a contributing property.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b.s. he was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957 and died in california.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey. he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963. he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
elliot see was born on july 23rd, 1927 in dallas. he graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and was a test pilot. he died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india has an academic staff of 250.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
