alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 21 july 1998 and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was chosen by nasa in 1963. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick, maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west.
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania, where the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis.
the grantville gazettes preceded 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the ram rebellion was followed by 1635: the cannon law.
aip advances has the eissn number 2158.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover.
the isbn number of a long long way is 0-670-03380-4.
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
madeleine l'engle is the author of a severed wasp.
a wizard of mars is published in english.
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459.
above the veil is available in hardcover.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
the acta mathematica hungarica is located in mathematics.
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac.
the oclc number of addiction (journal) is 27367194.
wiley-blackwell is the publisher of addiction journal.
the lccn number of administrative science quarterly is 57059226.
aenir has the oclc number 45644811.
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the impact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1.337.
the novel castle followed the novel castle.
the nickname of cornell university is cornell big red.
hiv is in the genus lentivirus.
wolf solent is the notable work of john cowper powys.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
joe biden is a leader in the united states.
wolf solent was authored by john cowper powys.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
alan shepard died in california.
william anders is the backup pilot of apollo 11.
apollo 14 was operated by nasa.
apollo 8 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin is an american.
elliot see was a test pilot.
the university of texas at austin is affiliated to the university of texas system.
the mascot of the university of texas at austin is hook'em.
peter stoger is the manager of fc kolin.
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
a.c. lumezzane played in the lega pro season.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva.
the full name of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014–15 a epsth, greece.
afc blackpool has 1500 members.
a.f.c. fylde's ground is in fylde.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members.
a.s. roma played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax.
joden , godenzonen is the nickname for afc ajax (amateurs).
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
azal pfk is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
az alkmaar has 17023 members.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense manages the agremiação sportiva arapiraquense.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense played in the campeonato brasileiro série c season.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school.
akron summit assault has 3000 members.
amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam.
greece's leader is nikos voutsis.
gus poyet's club is aek athens fc.
jens hartel plays for sv germania schoneiche.
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for the a.d. isidro metapan.
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in marousi.
k-w united fc have been champions of the premier development league.
stuart parker (footballer) plays for bury fc.
jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus.
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702.0.
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes.
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is 14l/32r.
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is 14r/32l.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero.
agra airport is located in agra.
al-taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level.
alderney airport serves the city of alderney.
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r/36l.
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0.
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1/19.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam.
andrews, texas is the county seat of andrews county, texas.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews, texas.
11/29 is the runway name of andrews county airport.
helipad is the runway name of andrews county airport.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda.
ardmore airport (new zealand) is located in auckland.
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis.
athens international airport is located in spata.
german is the language of belgium.
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium.
copenhagen is the capital of denmark.
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen.
the leader of the flemish government flemish government is the flemish government.
greek is spoken in greece.
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis.
harrietstown, new york is part of harrietstown, new york.
anwar zaheer jamali is a leader in pakistan.
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid.
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey.
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain.
saranac lake, new york is part of the united states.
south jersey transportation authority's chief is stephen dilts.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
alba iulia is in romania.
alba iulia is part of alba county.
andrew the apostle is the patron saint of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny.
marv wolfman created the comic character auron.
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby.
bananaman was broadcast by stv.
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983.
bill oddie stars in bananaman.
baymax is a character in big hero 6.
bill everett was awarded the eisner award.
bill oddie's child is kate hardie.
dan mishkin created the comic character bolt.
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard.
john buscema won the eagle award.
marv wolfman won the eagle award.
the area code of abilene, texas is 325.
abilene is part of texas.
the mayor is the leader of albany, georgia.
the total area of albany, oregon is 45.97 square kilometres.
albany, oregon is in the united states.
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is state senate.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by albuquerque, new mexico.
amarillo texas is in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas.
amarillo is part of the united states.
the area code of anaheim, california is 657.
anderson, indiana is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
the population density of ann arbor, michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
antioch, california has an elevation of 13.0 above sea level.
the leader of antioch, california is california's 11th state assembly.
arlington, texas is 184.0 above sea level.
atlantic county, new jersey is in the united states.
attica is part of fountain county, indiana.
auburn alabama is part of alabama.
california is in the united states.
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia.
georgia is located in the united states.
indianapolis is the capital of indiana.
lee county in alabama is the state of alabama.
the capital of new jersey is trenton, new jersey.
potter county, texas is in texas.
tarrant county, texas is located within the united states.
the largest city in washtenaw county, michigan is ann arbor, michigan.
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco.
arem-arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
arem arem comes from indonesia.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre.
squid is an ingredient in arros negre.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia.
the genus of avocado is persea.
ayam penyet serves ayam penyet.
baked alaska is a dessert.
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart.
noodles are an ingredient in bakso.
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso.
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
barny cakes were created by mondelez international.
barny cakes can be varied by using chocolate.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines.
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy.
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy.
binignit is a dish from the visayas region.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales.
cake is a dessert.
ice cream is a dessert.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
italians inhabit italy.
baduy is an ethnic group in java.
lemon is from the order rosids.
mexicans inhabit mexico.
spanish is spoken in mexico.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines.
shumai is a variation of siomay.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument which was designed by pietro canonica.
the atatürk monument is made of bronze.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made from red granite and white marble.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row.
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983.
200 public square was completed in 1985.
january 2009 started in january 2009.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom.
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena.
the 3arena is located in east link bridge.
the start date of adare manor is 1700.
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland.
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art is 2013.
the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b miller hall.
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b.v. doshi.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988-11-22.
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904.
birmingham is postal code of birmingham.
chicago is part of dupage county, illinois.
dublin is located in the republic of ireland.
dublin is part of leinster.
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan.
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan.
the leader of japan is taro aso.
the key person for marriott international is bill marriott.
the english language is spoken in the republic of ireland.
cape town is the capital of south africa.
london is the capital of the united kingdom.
paul ryan is a leader in the united states.
bread is an ingredient in ajoblanco which comes from spain.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain.
joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders in indonesia where arem arem originates.
arem-arem is found nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
arrabbiata sauce is from the region of rome, italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from the region of rome, italy.
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra and malay peninsula regions.
the main ingredients of ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
bacon explosion comes from the united states and is from the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d.c.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and contains condiments.
baked alaska comes from the country of france and has meringue as an ingredient.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from the united states.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the country.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is served as a dessert.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region.
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein, 18.0g of protein, 18.0g of carbs.
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish.
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from india.
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t. s. thakur and indians.
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t. s. thakur and narendra modi.
bhajji includes gram flour and vegetables.
binignit is a dish from the philippines and the main ingredient is banana.
sour cream is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the country of mexico.
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico.
celery is a member of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso.
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the dessert course.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the capital is jakarta and the capital is jakarta.
ayam penyet is a food found in java, where the baduy are an ethnic group.
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the spanish language is spoken.
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta and has 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is motto "nurturing excellence".
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india.
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and has the international tennis federation.
the ganges is a river in india where the ganges is a river in india.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the latin name is "universitas apulensis".
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where cyril ramaphosa is the leader.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the leader is jacob zuma and the leader is jacob zuma.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma and the white south africans are an ethnic group.
200 public square is located in cleveland, united states, where frank g jackson is a leader.
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo, new york, which is part of erie county, new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which was completed in december 2008.
the 3arena was completed in december 2008 and is located at dublin and completed in december 2008.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is marriott international hotel.
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was designed by james pain.
the government of addis ababa and the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall, which has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in virginia and is owned by the college of william and mary.
the chancellor of the college of william and mary is robert gates. the chancellor of the college of william and mary is robert gates.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states and the mason school of business is located in virginia.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia and was started in williamsburg, virginia.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u.s. route 83 and was added to the national register of historic places on 1988-11-22.
asilomar conference grounds is located on pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with reference number 87000823.
asser levy public baths is located at asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with reference number 80002709.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in india, where the leader is sumitra mahajan.
the comic book character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson.
tony hall, baron hall of birkenhead is the key person at the bbc which broadcast bananaman and is located in london.
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 and was broadcast by stv.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway.
the comic character, blockbuster, was created by roland desmond and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by both dan mishkin and ernie colon.
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and paris cullins.
a.c. cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in cesena.
massimo drago manages a.c. cesena and plays for s.s.d. potenza calcio.
a.c. lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the 2014 season.
a.d. isidro metapan's full name is estadio jorge calero suarez.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leader is nikos voutsis.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for kv mechelen.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c.f.c.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma which has 70634 members.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and their ground is in athens.
afc ajax (amateurs) play in the 2014 season.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where azal pfk compete in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk.
az alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube are champions.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. the vila nova futebol clube were champions are vila nova futebol clube.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league where k-w united fc have been champions.
the akron summit assault play in the premier development league where k-w united fc were champions.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella.
the olympic stadium (athens) is the home ground of aek athens fc.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has frederick county to its west.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan and designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, taylor county, texas, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100.0.
agra airport is located in india and its icao location identifier is viag.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3078.48.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who operates the al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who operates the al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who operates the al asad airbase.
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 733.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where houston is the largest city.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, angola. its runway name is "south runway".
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton, wisconsin and serves the city of appleton.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin in the united states.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the poales order.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp, belgium.
the surface of the second runway of ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae.
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa. david scott was the commander of apollo 12.
alan shepard died in california on july 21, 1998. he died in california.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin, who was born in glen ridge, new jersey, was a crew member of apollo 11.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and died in california.
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he was a crew member on apollo 8.
1634: the bavarian crisis is available in print form.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank california.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has 512 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al.
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst. and has the issn number 1046-8188.
the academic discipline of acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) is 1558-2868.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins.
the editor of aip advances is a.t. charlie johnson who resides in the united states.
aip advances, abbreviated to aip adv., is edited by a.t. charlie johnson.
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a long long way was written in english which is spoken in great britain. it was followed by the secret scripture.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735.
a severed wasp was published in print and has 388 pages.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which was preceded by the novel castle.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the issn number 1588-2632.
the acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of "acta math. hungar.".
acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol., has the abbreviation of acta palaeontol. pol.
the addiction journal (abbreviated to addiction) has the issn number 0965-2140.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the oclc number 45644811.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
am. j. math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics, abbreviated to am. j. math, has the issn number 1080-6377.
administrative science quarterly (abbreviated to admin. sci. q) is published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where david cameron is the leader.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states, where english is the language spoken.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker who plays for kv mechelen.
aek athens f.c. manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f.c.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube are champions.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the currency is the pound sterling and the currency is the pound sterling.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, which has 60 floors and is located in chicago.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland. dáil éireann is a leader in dublin.
adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the currency is the tamil language.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture in japan where the japanese people are an ethnic group.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, ahmedabad, india. the leader of the country is narendra modi and the legislative assembly.
the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan who was born in california.
julia morgan was born in california and the riverside art musuem and the riverside art museum.
asilomar conference grounds is located on pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths which was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, new york, united states. the leader of manhattan is gale brewer.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
the addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where hailemariam desalegn is the leader.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is known as the president.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, where joe biden is a leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has a staff compliment of 100.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 600 students.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore, karnataka, which has telangana to its northeast. karnataka has telangana to its northeast. karnataka has telangana to its northeast. karnataka has telangana to its northeast. karnataka has telangana to its northeast. karnataka has telangana to its northeast. karnataka has telangana to its northeast. karnataka has telangana to
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene, jones county, texas in the united states. the runway length is 2,194.
abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0.
abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4349.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama and is operated by the united states air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport in punjab, pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and its runway name is 11/29.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level and its runway name is 3/21.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin which is part of clayton winnebago county, wisconsin, united states.
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport, new zealand and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway named 12r/30l.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873.0.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is charles michel and the flemish region.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, essex county, new york, united states.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from the andalusia region of spain.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region of italy.
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the currency is the indonesian rupiah.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community where the leader is ximo puig.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington dc.
baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia. it includes lemons which is a member of the order of rosids.
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher and claude bartolone are leaders.
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. it includes gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region where the leader is vajubhai vala.
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico, where enrique pena nieto is the leader.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales where bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region.
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader. the dish bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and is part of derbyshire.
the capital of indonesia is jakarta and indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob.
ajoblanco originates from spain where the leader is felipe vi.
a long long way was written in ireland where the europe ethnic group is white people.
a long long way was published by faber and faber and was preceded by annie dunne and published by faber and faber.
the novel into battle was followed by above the veil which was preceded by the novel castle.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
the aids journal is from the united kingdom where the leader is david cameron and the leader is david cameron.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is native americans.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is native americans.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of nasa's apollo 14.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and was a student at university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competed in the big 12 conference.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas, texas. he attended the university of texas at austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the big 12 conference.
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and died in st. louis.
william anders retired on september 1st, 1969.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldier
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was created by john geering and starred tim brooke-taylor.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t seagle and the american, duncan rouleau.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in hardcover.
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is from.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages.
a long long way has the oclc number 57392246.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and is 560 pages long.
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and is the sequel to aenir.
aenir was written in english and was followed by above the veil.
aenir was preceded by the novel castle and the novel castle.
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media, whose founder is julius springer.
administrative science quarterly (abbreviated to admin. sci. q) is abbreviated to admin. sci. q.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and is 320 pages long.
the aids journal has the discipline hiv.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where they speak english.
a.c. cesena's champions are carpi fc 1909.
a.c. chievo verona play in serie a.
a.c. lumezzane's ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for c.d. fas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for sparta rotterdam.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in the fylde.
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is located at bryning lane.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team.
a.s. roma's ground is in rome, italy and their ground is in rome, italy.
acf fiorentina play in serie a, italy.
frank de boer manages the afc ajax.
afc ajax n.v. own afc ajax which has 53502 members.
amsterdam is the home to afc ajax (amateurs).
afc ajax (amateurs) played in the topklasse in the 2014-15 season and has 5000 members.
the ground of azal pfk is located in shuvalan.
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is located in brazil.
the full name of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is "agremiação sportiva arapiraquense".
akron summit assault's ground is in akron, ohio, united states.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
bread is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from spain.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of andalusia.
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of lazio.
the antioquia department is found in the antioquia department of colombia.
arem arem originates from indonesia.
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome.
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain and it contains squid.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in the valencian community of arros negre.
the main ingredients of ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which is from the united states.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader.
bacon explosion comes from the main course and is served as a main course.
the alternative name for a bacon sandwich is bread.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska, which comes from france, united states or china.
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken.
baked alaska and cookies are desserts.
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
shortcrust pastry is a variation of bakewell pudding and is a variation of bakewell pudding.
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the genus citrus.
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines.
philippines is the country batchoy comes from.
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish.
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
bhajji includes gram flour.
banana is an ingredient in binignit recipes. the main ingredient of binignit is banana.
sago is an ingredient in binignit recipes.
sweet potato belongs to flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit.
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which is of the order solanales.
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is served as a dessert.
honey can be added to bionico, a variation of the dessert course.
ice cream is a dessert, as is bionico.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay which is a variation of the siomay dish. peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay.
alan shepard retired on 1974-08-01.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin is now retired.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11.
the comic book character asterix was created by rene goscinny.
aurakles, also known as len wein, was created by len wein.
the comic character ballistic was created by doug moench and kelvin mao.
the bbc broadcast bananaman which starred graeme garden.
bill oddie stars in bananaman.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
the black pirate was created by jon valor and sheldon moldoff.
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes and is located in san sebastian de los reyes.
agra airport is located in india, where the leaders are t. s. thakur.
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq is 618 feet above sea level.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who operates the al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who operates the al asad airbase.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, part of the community of madrid in the community of madrid.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and its 1st runway is made from poaceae.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has headquarters in jinnah international airport.
alpena county regional airport is located in the wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and its operating organization is schiphol group.
the 4th runway at andrews county airport is made of asphalt and is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where the capital is austin.
angola international airport serves luanda and serves luanda.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton, wisconsin.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the poales order.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is part of the monocotyledon class.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in spata.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes in the community of madrid.
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and the campus is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
acharya institute of technology in blue, white and orange was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education.
the acharya institute of technology is located in tennis, which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association in brussels.
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka state.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the coloured people are an ethnic group.
200 public square has a floor count of 45.
20 fenchurch street is located in london, which is led by the european parliament.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
300 north lasalle is located in illinois, which has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at north wall, dublin.
3arena in east link bridge is owned by live nation entertainment.
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in beverly hills, california.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which has 23 floors.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which is 42 metres high.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken.
the address of alan b. miller hall is 101 ukrop way.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
the mason school of business are the architects of the alan b. miller hall in robert a.m. stern.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where ampara hospital is located.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located in u.s. route 83 and has the reference number 88002539.
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823.
asilomar conference grounds is located on pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths which was constructed in 1904, is located at 23rd street, manhattan.
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat, gujarat, anandiben patel.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is located in izmir, turkey.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti.
dead man's plack is dedicated to æthelwald, ealdorman of east anglia.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain.
banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of arem-arem which comes from the region of the javanese cuisine.
arem-arem is a main course from the region of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states. the main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d.c.
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the blt.
brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt.
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom where the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake (or christmas pudding).
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake (or christmas pudding).
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding and contains frangipane.
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be varied by using ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire.
red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon are the main ingredients in bandeja paisa.
batagor is a dish from the country of indonesia, it includes peanut sauce as an ingredient.
batagor is a variation of shumai which comes from indonesia.
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia.
oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the currency is the indian rupee.
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t. s. thakur and sumitra mahajan.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india, where the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region where the leader is vajubhai vala.
binignit is a dessert found in the order of solanales and is a dessert that can be found in the order of solanales.
chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients of bionico which is from the guadalajara region of mexico.
sour cream, chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients of bionico which is from the jalisco region of mexico.
bakso is found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
bakso is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is the leader.
ayam penyet is a food found in java where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
the llocano people are an ethnic group in the philippines where batchoy is eaten.
the euro is the currency in spain where arròs negre is from.
the full name of a.c. chievo verona is associazione calcio chievoverona s.r.l. and they have 39371 members.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran, who was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s.s.d. club.
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the greek language is spoken.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is "associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl".
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is "associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl".
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members and played in the 2014-15 serie b season.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma who have 70634 members and played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where the azal arena is located in azerbaijan.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where azal pfk compete in the azerbaijan premier league which has 3500 members.
john van den brom plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a.s. and istanbulspor a.s. is the manager of az alkmaar.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. the vila nova futebol clube were champions are vila nova futebol clube.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube are champions.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league where k-w united fc were champions.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the official language is italian.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma and their ground is stadio olimpico.
1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634: the baltic war, which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war, which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the capital is london.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j.v. jones and has the oclc number 51969173.
a long long way was published by viking press in ireland and published by viking press. it was followed by the secret scripture.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover and has 388 pages.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313.
the addiction journal (abbreviated to addiction) has the issn number 1360-0443.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
the american journal of mathematics, abbreviated to am. j. math, has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics, abbreviated to am. j. math, has the issn number 1080-6377.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the language is english.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where david cameron is a leader.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and starred tim brooke-taylor.
the comic book character bolt was created by both dan mishkin and ernie colon, a puerto rican national.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and starred jamie chung.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12. david scott was the commander of apollo 12.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire and retired on 1 august 1974.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and operated by nasa.
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12. david scott was the commander of apollo 12.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was a test pilot and died in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is affiliated to the university of texas system and is affiliated to the university of texas system.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders retired on september 1st, 1969.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has franklin county to its west.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas, united states. the runway length is 1121.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, spain. enaire is operated by enaire which is located in madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the runway name is 18r/36l and it has a length of 3500.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which has the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon battle.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is the provincial assembly of the punjab.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and serves alpena, michigan.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 2014.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where the capital is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the language is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the spanish language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. the flemish region is led by the flemish region.
appleton international airport is located at 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton, wisconsin, which is part of dale, wisconsin.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales and commelinids.
ardmore airport (new zealand)'s runway name is 03r/21l and has a length of 597.0.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. enaire is located in madrid, spain.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey in the united states and has a runway length of 3048.0.
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the capital is cape town and the capital city is cape town.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the capital is cape town and the capital city is cape town.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, in the cuyahoga county in ohio.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, which is part of dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is susana mendoza.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is owned by bella center and has 23 floors.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is owned by bella center.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the language is tamil.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan where the filipinos are an ethnic group.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states and the mason school of business is located in virginia.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states where the mason school of business is located in virginia.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india, where the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, ahmedabad, india. amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds and asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, new netherland.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where mulatu teshome is a leader.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where paul ryan is a leader.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has 100 academic staff.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai, belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it has 700 postgraduate students and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, united states and is categorised as a contributing property.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he is now retired.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree at the university of texas at austin, b.s. 1955.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 and died in california.
alan shepard was born on nov 18, 1923 in new hampshire and died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey, united states, where joe biden was a backup pilot.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963. he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science degree.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 in british hong kong. he retired on september 1st, 1969.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india has an academic staff of 250.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar.
