alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and served as a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa. david scott was the commander of apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on july 21, 1998. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963. he was a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas. he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system. he died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17, 1933 in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he graduated from afit in 1962 with a m.s. from his alma mater, afit. he retired on september 1st, 1969.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the batt
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the united states. the monument was established on 11 july 1907 in frederick county, maryland.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the united states and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and is located in ticino.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which is governed by the international tennis federation and given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the acharya institute of technology in tennis was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai. the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest. the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated with the european university association and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association and has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff.
eric flint was the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634: the ram rebellion was followed by 1635: the cannon law.
aip advances has the eissn number of 2158.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover.
a long long way has the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number of 1-56947-301-3.
madeleine l'engle is the author of a severed wasp.
a wizard of mars is written in english.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the lccn number 32024459.
above the veil is available in hardcover.
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
the acta mathematica hungarica can be found in mathematics.
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac.
the addiction journal has the oclc number 27367194.
addiction (journal) was published by wiley-blackwell.
the lccn number of administrative science quarterly is 57059226.
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811.
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the impact factor of american journal of mathematics is 1.337.
the novel castle (novel) was followed by aenir.
cornell university is in the cornell big red.
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus.
john cowper powys notable work was wolf solent.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
joe biden is a leader in the united states.
john cowper powys is the author of wolf solent.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
alan shepard died in california.
william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11.
apollo 14 was operated by nasa.
apollo 8 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin is an american.
elliot see was a test pilot.
the university of texas at austin is affiliated to the university of texas system.
hook'em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin.
the manager of 1. fc koln is peter stoger.
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
a.c. lumezzane played in the lega pro season.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva.
the full name of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis competed in the 2014 season.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis were in the 2014–15 a epsth, greece season.
a.f.c. blackpool have 1500 members.
a.f.c. fylde's ground is the fylde.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy.
as livorno calcio has 19238 members.
a.s. roma played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
frank de boer manages the afc ajax.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s nickname is joden , godenzonen.
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
azal pfk is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
az alkmaar has 17023 members.
the manager of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is vica.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense played in the campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school.
akron summit assault has 3000 members.
amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam.
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece.
gus poyet's club is aek athens f.c.
jens härtel played for sv germania schoneiche.
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a.d. isidro metapán.
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio.
the olympic stadium (athens) is located in marousi.
k-w united fc have been champions of the premier development league.
stuart parker (footballer) was at bury fc.
jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus.
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702.0.
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes.
14l/32r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
14r/32l is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero.
agra airport is located in agra.
al-taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level.
alderney is served by alderney airport.
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r/36l.
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0.
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1/19.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam.
andrews county is the county seat of andrews county, texas.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews.
the runway name of andrews county airport is 11/29.
helipad is the runway name of andrews county airport.
luanda is served by angola international airport.
ardmore airport (new zealand)'s location is auckland.
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis.
athens international airport is located in spata.
german is a language spoken in belgium.
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium.
copenhagen is the capital of denmark.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark.
the leader of the flemish region is flemish government.
greek is spoken in greece.
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece.
harrietstown, new york is part of the united states.
pakistan's leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is headquartered in the four world trade centre.
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain.
saranac lake, new york is part of the united states.
south jersey transportation authority's chief is stephen dilts.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 100 academic staff.
the campus of acharya institute of technology is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
alba iulia is located in romania.
alba iulia is part of alba county.
andrew the apostle is the patron saint of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny.
the comic character auron was created by marv wolfman.
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby.
bananaman is broadcast by stv.
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983.
bill oddie stars in bananaman.
baymax is a character in big hero 6.
bill everett was awarded the eisner award.
the child of bill oddie is kate hardie.
dan mishkin created the comic character, bolt.
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard.
john buscema won the eagle award.
marv wolfman won the eagle award.
the area code of abilene, texas is 325.
abilene is part of texas.
the leader of albany, georgia is the mayor.
albany, oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
albany, oregon is located in the united states.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is state senate.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is the albuquerque city council.
amarillo, texas is in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas.
amarillo is part of the united states.
the area code of anaheim, california is 657.
anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
the city administrator leads ann arbor, michigan.
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor, michigan.
the population density of ann arbor, michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
antioch, california is 13 0 above sea level.
the california's 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch, california.
arlington, texas is 184.0 above sea level.
atlantic county, new jersey is in the united states.
attica is part of fountain county, indiana.
auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
california is in the united states.
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia.
georgia is in the united states.
the capital of indiana is indianapolis.
lee county, alabama is located in alabama.
the capital of new jersey is the trenton new jersey.
potter county, texas is in texas.
tarrant county, texas is in the united states.
the largest city in washtenaw county, michigan is ann arbor, michigan.
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco.
ajoblanco has bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
arem arem comes from the region of nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java.
arem-arem is a food found in indonesia.
tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre.
squid is an ingredient in arros negre.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia.
avocado is part of persea.
ayam penyet should be served hot.
baked alaska is a dessert.
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart.
noodles are an ingredient in bakso.
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso.
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
barny cakes were created by mondelez international.
barny cakes can be found in the country.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein.
batchoy comes from the philippines.
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy.
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy.
binignit comes from the visayas region of visayas.
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales.
cake is a dessert.
ice cream is a dessert.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
italians inhabit italy.
baduy is an ethnic group in java.
lemon is from the order rosids.
mexicans are the people of mexico.
spanish is spoken in mexico.
arabic is one language spoken in the philippines.
shumai is a variation of siomay.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument which was designed by pietro canonica.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is made from bronze.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made from red granite and white marble.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin.
103 colmore row is located at colmore row.
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983.
200 public square was completed in 1985.
january 2009 is the building start date of 20 fenchurch street.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom.
300 north lasalle has 60 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena.
the 3arena is located in east link bridge.
the start date of adare manor began in 1700.
adare manor is in the republic of ireland.
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art is "2013-09-28".
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall.
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b. v. doshi.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988-11-22.
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904.
birmingham's postcode area is postcode area.
chicago is part of dupage county, illinois.
dublin is in the republic of ireland.
dublin is part of leinster.
india's leader is sumitra mahajan.
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan.
the leader of japan is tarō asō.
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international.
the english language is spoken in republic of ireland.
cape town is the capital of south africa.
london is the capital of the united kingdom.
paul ryan is a leader in the united states.
ajoblanco (also known as ajo blanco) is a dish from spain and contains bread.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders.
arem-arem is a popular dish in indonesia, but is more specific to java. jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
arrabbiata sauce includes the ingredient chili pepper.
arrabbiata sauce includes the ingredient garlic.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra and malay peninsula and is found in malaysia.
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and java. the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d.c.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the bacon explosion comes from.
condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom.
baked alaska is from the new york region of france and includes meringue.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone are leaders.
barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein, 18.0g of protein, 18.0g of carbohydrates.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where the leader is tony tan and tony tan.
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which comes from india.
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indians. bhajji originates from india.
bhajji originates from india where the leader is called t s thakur and narendra modi.
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of the karnataka region.
binignit contains sweet potato and banana.
sour cream is an ingredient in bionico which comes from mexico.
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco in mexico.
celery is a member of the genus apium and is a member of the genus apium.
the dessert bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and is a dessert.
jakarta is the capital of indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the baduy are an ethnic group.
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the leader is felipe vi.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in switzerland and has 600 students.
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india, is nurturing excellence.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india.
the acharya institute of technology in tennis was established in 2000 and is governed by the international tennis federation.
the awh engineering college is located in india where the ganges river can be found.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's leader is prime minister klaus iohannis. romania's leader is prime minister klaus iohannis. romania's leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's latin name is "universitas apulensis" and its latin name is "universitas apulensis" and the latin name is "universitas apulensis".
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, the capital of which is cape town. cyril ramaphosa is the leader of south africa.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the leader is jacob zuma and jacob zuma and jacob zuma are leaders.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the leader is jacob zuma and jacob zuma are ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, united states. frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland.
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo, new york, which is part of erie county, new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, united states and is led by rahm emanuel.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin.
the 3arena was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark and was designed by the architectural denmark.
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in virginia and has the college of william and mary and is owned by the college of william and mary.
the chancellor of the college of william and mary is robert gates, the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in virginia.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia and is owned by the college of william and mary.
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
ampara hospital is in the eastern province state of sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located at u.s. route 83 and was added to the national register of historic places on 1988-11-22.
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths are located in asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
the comic character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson.
tony hall, baron hall of birkenhead is the key person for bbc which is located in london and tony hall, baron hall of birkenhead.
bill oddie starred in bananaman which was first broadcast by stv.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and first appeared in the film big hero 6.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway.
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon.
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin.
a.c. cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in cesena.
massimo drago plays for calcio catania and manages a.c. cesena.
a.c. lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the lega pro/a league.
the full name of a.d. isidro metapan is isidro metapan and they have 10000 members.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leader is nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for rlam town f.c.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in warton, fylde.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c.f.c. and real madrid cf.
the full name of a.s. roma is associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. they have 70634 members and their ground is in rome, italy.
aek athens f.c. is in the superleague of greece and has 69618 members.
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league which is the ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league where qarabag fk are champions.
az alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. the vila nova futebol clube were champions at the campeonato brasileiro série c.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school and the champions are k-w united fc.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league which is located in the premier development league, which was previously won by k-w united fc.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where sergio mattarella and sergio mattarella are leaders.
the ground of aek athens fc is the olympic stadium (athens) in athens, where the mayor is giorgos kaminis.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has franklin county to its west and frederick county, maryland to its southwest.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is lead by artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner, is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene, taylor county, texas, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and is served by adirondack regional airport.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, and has a runway length of 4100.0.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag.
al asad airbase is in iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who operate al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who operate al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who operate al asad airbase.
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 733.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where houston is the largest city.
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, angola. its runway name is "south runway".
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is owned by the flemish region.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp and is owned by the flemish region.
appleton international airport serves appleton, wisconsin, which is part of kimberly, wisconsin.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, united states.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the poales order.
ashgabat international airport is located at 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece, where the leader is alexis tsipras.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium and philippe of belgium.
poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids and is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa and commanded by david scott.
dianne feinstein is a senator in california where alan shepard died in california.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and died in california.
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 in british hong kong. he was a crew member on apollo 8.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and has the isbn number 978-1-4165-4253-7.
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634: the baltic war.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is 512 pages long and is 512 pages long.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1046-8188.
the acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) has the issn number 1558-2868.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins. the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins.
a t charlie johnson is the editor of aip advances which is edited by a.t. charlie johnson who is the editor of aip advances which is the editor of aip advances.
aip advances, abbreviated to aip adv., is edited by a.t. charlie johnson.
a glastonbury romance has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0 and isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
the english language is spoken in great britain and a long long way which was followed by the secret scripture.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 and is available in print.
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and is available in hardcover.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
above the veil was preceded by above the veil which was preceded by aenir which is the sequel to aenir.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588-2632.
the acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the issn number 0236-5294.
acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol., has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol. pol.
addiction (journal) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 0965-2140.
aenir is available in print and has the oclc number 45644811.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
am. j. math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
the administrative science quarterly (abbreviated to admin. sci. q) is published by sage publications, which is abbreviated to admin. sci. q. and the founder is admin. sci. q.
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the language is english and the language spoken is english.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for both kv mechelen and kv mechelen.
gus poyet is in the superleague of greece where olympiacos fc are previous champions.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which has 17000 members and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the capital city is london where 20 fenchurch street is located.
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo, new york and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
adisham hall is located in st. benedict's monastery, adisham, haputhale, sri lanka. it was completed in 1931 and is located in st. benedict's monastery, adisham, haputhale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka. the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the ski lankan rupee.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka. the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the ski lankan rupee.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the country is the location of the akita museum of art in akita, akita prefecture.
the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad.
the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located.
ampara hospital is located in eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and has 476 beds.
julia morgan was born in california and significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building, the riverside art museum and hearst castle.
julia morgan was born in california and significant buildings including the riverside art museum and hearst castle.
asilomar conference grounds, constructed in 1913 in pacific grove, california, was constructed in 1913 and is located on pacific grove, california.
asser levy public baths are located on 23rd street manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, new york, united states. the leader of manhattan is gale brewer.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham, which is led by the birmingham city council and the b postcode) is the location of 103 colmore row.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where the leader is malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president and is the location of 250 delaware avenue.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden is a leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has a staff of 100 and 600 students.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and is located in ticino.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore in the state of karnataka which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university. karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene, jones county, texas, united states. the airport has a runway length of 2,194.
abilene, texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2,194.
abilene, texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2,194.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 4349.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand and is led by ram naik.
the native name of agra airport is ram naik and is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states invasion of panama is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states invasion of panama is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola and is 159 metres above sea level.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin which is part of clayton winnebago county, wisconsin, united states.
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport, new zealand which is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.
ashgabat international airport is located at 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0 metres and a runway named 12r/30l.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873.0.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is the leader and the flemish region is served by antwerp international airport.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, essex county, new york, united states.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain. the main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region.
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia where the indonesian language is spoken. arem-arem is a javanese dish.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital city is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community, spain. the leader of the country is felipe vi.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia where asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian indian is a leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gérard larcher.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader and patrick mcloughlin is a leader.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and is from the paisa region of colombia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and is from the paisa region and is from the paisa region.
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gérard larcher.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher and gerard larcher are leaders.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where the leader is tony tan and the leader of singapore is halimah yacob.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leader is vajubhai vala. bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india.
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico. the leader of jalisco is jesus casillas romero.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto and is served as a dessert.
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader. it is a variant of bakewell pudding and is a variant of bakewell pudding.
bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding and is a variant of bakewell pudding and is a variant of bakewell pudding.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and the capital is jakarta.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital city is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore, where english is spoken and halimah yacob is the leader and english is spoken.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines, where the official language is philippine english and one of the ethnic groups are the ilocano people.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where the leader is tony tan and tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders.
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the language spoken is spanish and the leader is felipe vi.
the book "a long long way was published by faber and faber and was followed by the secret scripture which was followed by the secret scripture which was published by faber and faber.
a long long way was published by faber and faber and is published by faber and faber and was followed by the secret scripture which was preceded by annie dunne.
above the veil was preceded by the novel castle and was preceded by the novel castle.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital city is washington d.c. and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the leader is elizabeth ii.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer. the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 18 november 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959.
alan bean was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 which spent 100305 minutes in space. david scott was the backup pilot of apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and is competing in the big 12 conference.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 28th of february 1966.
elliot see was born in dallas, texas. he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the big 12 conference.
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and died in st. louis.
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and franklin county to its west.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly and the legislature is the national assembly.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed i
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th, 1986 and starred tim brooke-taylor.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit. scott adsit stars in the film big hero 6.
virginia demarce and eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in e book.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in hardcover.
acm transactions on information systems (abbreviated to acm trans. inf. syst.) is in atiset.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-7156-3648-0.
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages.
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and is 560 pages long.
above the veil was preceded by aenir and is the sequel to aenir.
above the veil was written in english and followed by above the veil.
above the veil was preceded by aenir, which is the sequel to aenir.
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media.
administrative science quarterly (abbreviated to admin. sci. q) is abbreviated to admin. sci. q.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
the aids journal, academically focused on the academic discipline hiv is hiv.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken.
a.c. cesena play in serie b which has carpi fc 1909 as previous champions.
a.c. chievo verona play in serie a.
a.c. lumezzane's ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for the c.d. fas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis play in the a epsth 2nd group and has 1500 members.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stuart parker (footballer).
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the fylde.
afc fylde's ground is in bryning lane and has 3180 members.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team.
a.s. roma play in serie a and their ground is in rome, italy.
acf fiorentina play in serie a, italy.
the manager of afc ajax is frank de boer who plays for ajax youth academy.
afc ajax n.v. owns afc ajax which has 53502 members.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the topklasse in 2014-2015.
azal arena is located in shuvulan, azal arena in shuvalan.
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and has 17023 members.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is located in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and the full name of "agremiação sportiva arapiraquense".
akron summit assault's ground is in akron, ohio, united states.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
bread is an ingredient in ajoblanco which comes from spain.
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia in andalusia.
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of lazio.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia.
arem-arem is a dish from indonesia and indonesia.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy and contains olive oil.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain and contains squid.
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which is from the region of the valencian community.
ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader.
bacon is an ingredient in bacon explosion which is a main course dish.
the alternative name for a bacon sandwich is bread and bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france, united states or china.
baked alaska is from china and standard chinese is spoken.
baked alaska and cookie are desserts.
bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the rutland arms, bakewell, in 1820. the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variant of bakewell pudding.
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from the genus citrus.
batchoy comes from the philippines and contains shrimp.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino people are an ethnic group.
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where standard chinese is spoken.
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore where the leader is tony tan.
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
the pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which comes from the pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
banana is an ingredient of binignit along with banana.
sago is the main ingredient of binignit along with sago.
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the division of flowering plants.
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which is of the order solanales.
bionico is a dessert from the country of dessert.
honey can be added to the dessert course in bionico.
ice cream is a dessert that can be varied by using cream.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay which is a variation of the siomay dish.
alan shepard retired 1974-08-01.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin is now retired.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny.
aurakles, also known as len wein, was created by len wein and len wein.
the comic character, ballistic was created by doug moench and doug moench.
bananaman stars graeme garden and starred graeme garden.
bill oddie, who starred in bananaman, was born in lancashire.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and jerry ordway.
sheldon moldoff is the alternative name for black pirate, whose alternative name is jon valor.
the comic character blockbuster was created by tom lyle and roger stern.
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and gary cohn.
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500.
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t.s. thakur.
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq is 618 ft above sea level.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who operate al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force which uses the invasion of panama.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, part of the community of madrid.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a runway length of 877.0.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has headquarters in jinnah international airport.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and is operated by the amsterdam airport schiphol.
the 4th runway at andrews county airport is made of asphalt and is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin.
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level.
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is a monocotyledon class.
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat, ashgabat.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and serves the city of athens.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and serves the city of athens.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes, part of the community of madrid.
the director of acharya institute of technology is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology official campus' status by the all india council for technical education, was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education.
the international tennis federation is the governing body of tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association in brussels.
to the west karnataka is arabian sea.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the coloured people are an ethnic group.
200 public square is located in cleveland and has 45 floors.
20 fenchurch street is located in london, led by the european parliament.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
300 north lasalle is located in illinois in illinois.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which is located at north wall, dublin.
3arena in east link bridge is owned by live nation entertainment.
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in beverly hills, california.
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall and has a height of 42 metres.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka, where the tamil language is spoken.
the address of alan b. miller hall is 101 ukrop way and began in 101 ukrop way.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
the mason school of business are the tenants of the alan b. miller hall which was designed by robert a.m. stern.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, sri lanka.
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located at u.s. route 83 and has the reference number 88002539.
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd, pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823.
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths, constructed in 1904, is located on 23rd street, manhattan.
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat which is lead by anandiben patel.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was inaugurated on july 27th, 1932.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is made of red granite and white marble.
dead man's plack is made of rock and dedicated to aethelwald, ealdorman of east anglia.
bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which comes from andalusia in spain.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain. it contains water.
the main ingredients of arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
arem-arem is a main course dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil. it includes tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. it is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain.
cubanelle is an ingredient in arros negre which is from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and is found in malaysia and sumatra and malay peninsula, malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group and the minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
the bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area, in the united states and is from the kansas city metropolitan area.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d.c.
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt.
brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt.
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich is bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce as an ingredient.
meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked alaska which is from france, the united states or china.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and is from the united states and is from the united states.
bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding and is a variant of bakewell pudding and is a variation of bakewell pudding.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region. the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire. it includes shortcrust pastry.
red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish.
batagor, shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken and halimah yacob is the leader.
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia. kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and tony tan.
t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders in india where the currency is the indian rupee.
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan and sumitra mahajan are leaders.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leader is vajubhai vala.
binignit is a dessert found in the order of solanales and is a dessert.
chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico.
sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of bionico which comes from the jalisco region of mexico.
bakso is found in indonesia, where jusuf kalla is the leader.
bakso is a dish from indonesia, where jusuf kalla is a leader.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob and halimah yacob.
tony tan is a leader in singapore where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group and the banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the llocano people are an ethnic group.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain where felipe vi is the leader and the currency is the euro.
verona, italy is the home to a.c. chievo verona who have 39371 members and played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy and has been the manager of a c chievo verona.
michele marcolini manages the a.c. lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis and alexis tsipras are leaders.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl and has 5300 members.
the full name of a.s. gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 barbetti and has 5300 members.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members and their ground is the stadio armando picchi.
associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. is the full name of a.s. roma which has 70634 members and played in the 2014-15 serie a season.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league which is the location of the azal arena in azerbaijan.
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league which has 3500 members and their ground is in azal arena.
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a.s.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil.
akron summit assault (akron metro futbol club summit assault) has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season.
akron summit assault play in the premier development league, which is located in the united states. they play in the premier development league which is located in the united states. the champions are k-w united fc.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is pietro grasso.
the full name of a.s. roma is associazione sportiva roma s.p.a. they play in the serie a league of which juventus fc have been champions.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by david weber and is preceded by 1634: the baltic war, which was written by david weber and ring of fire ii.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins and the capital city is london.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6 and is available in print form.
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press and is published by viking press.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 and isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and is available in hardcover.
addiction (journal) has the issn number 1360-0443 and lccn number 93645978.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
am. j. math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which has the issn number 1080-6377.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080-6377.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the language is english.
english is spoken in great britain and the united states where the english language is spoken.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the language spoken is english.
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where david cameron is a leader and the leader is elizabeth ii.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was first broadcast by stv.
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon.
baymax is a character in big hero 6, which stars damon wayans jr.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and starred jamie chung.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph.
alan bean was a us national who was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14.
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa. david scott was the commander of apollo 12.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey, united states, where joe biden is a leader.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis.
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin which is part of the kingdom of france and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23, 1927. he died in st. louis.
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 which was commanded by frank borman and retired on september 1st, 1969.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county maryland to its southeast. carrol county maryland is southeast of adams county, pennsylvania.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and franklin county to its west.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly and the capital is baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan which is lead by artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the batt
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas, united states. the runway length is 1121.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in alcobendas, spain. enaire is located in madrid, spain.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. the runway name is 18r/36l and the runway name is 18r/36l.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the airport is 167.94 metres above sea level.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was operated by the united states air force. the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon is an attack aircraft carriers.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon aircraft.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is the provincial assembly of the punjab.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and serves the city of alpena, michigan and serves the city of alpena, michigan.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0 and is -3.3528 from sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and the language spoken is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the language is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the spanish language is spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states and is located in texas, united states.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola and is 159 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp and is served by antwerp international airport which is located in belgium.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
appleton international airport is located in greenville, wisconsin, which is part of dale, wisconsin which is part of dale, wisconsin.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of commelinids and the order of commelinids.
ardmore airport (new zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, in the united states.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, spain. enaire is located in madrid, spain.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey in the united states and has a runway length of 3048.0.
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town and the capital is cape town. cyril ramaphosa is the leader of south africa.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital city is cape town. the capital of south africa is white south africans and the capital city is cape town.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, which is part of cuyahoga county, ohio. cleveland is part of cuyahoga county in ohio.
the postmodern style of 250 delaware avenue is postmodern architecture and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is susana mendoza.
the 3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is bella center and has 23 floors.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by the architect bella center and has 23 floors.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the country's ethnic group is the filipinos.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states and the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india, where the leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province state of sri lanka, where the currency is the ski lankan rupee and the currency is the ski lankan rupee.
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan, who was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of the significant buildings of the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, new york city, united states.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa, ethiopia. mulatu teshome is a leader in ethiopia.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where paul ryan is a leader. the capital city is washington dc and 250 delaware avenue is located.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland has 100 academic staff.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and is located in switzerland.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india has 700 postgraduate students and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, united states. the monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital city is ankara.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed i
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he was a crew member of nasa's apollo 12 mission.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree at the university of texas at austin in 1955 with a b.s.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957. he was a test pilot and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he died in california.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey, united states, where joe biden is a leader and william anders was a backup pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963. he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with william anders as backup pilot william anders. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1
elliot see was born on july 23, 1927 in dallas. he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and died in st. louis.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 and died in st. louis.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17, 1933 in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he graduated from afit in 1962 with a m.s. from his alma mater, afit in 1962.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and was established in 2000. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india has 250 academic staff. kerala has mahe, india to its northwest.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka, india was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
