abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
18l/36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct.
afonsa pena international airport serves the city of curitiba.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
the runway length of al-taqaddum air base is 3684.0.
the runway name of alderney airport is 14/32.
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12.
18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol.
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt.
06/24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county, texas.
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896.0.
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt.
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439.0.
the runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is 518.0.
utaa is the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport.
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11/29.
the south jersey transportation authority is the owner of atlantic city international airport.
13/31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport.
the dutch language is spoken in belgium.
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil.
danes is the people of denmark.
fallujah is in the country of iraq.
greenville, wisconsin is in the united states.
greenville, wisconsin is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq.
madrid is located in spain.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the u.s.
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is served by the port authority of new york and new jersey.
houston is the largest city in texas.
the united states air force was bombed in the bombing of libya in 1986.
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c-17 globemaster iii.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
carrol county, maryland is southeast of adams county.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister of azerbaijan.
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
250 delaware avenue is in the architectural style of postmodern architecture.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building.
the building of 320 south boston building was started in 1910.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms.
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain.
adisham hall is located in haputale.
the akita museum of art is in the country of japan.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall.
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road.
the reference number in the national register of historic places for asher and mary isabelle richardson house is 88002539.
julia morgan is the architect of asilomar conference grounds.
the architecture for asilomar conference grounds is arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows.
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city.
buffalo, new york is part of erie county, new york.
byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
county limerick is part of munster.
críona ní dhálaigh is the leader of dublin.
mulatu teshome is a leader in ethiopia.
indian people are from india.
julia morgan was a significant building of los angeles herald examiner.
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills, california.
manhattan is part of new york.
new york city is part of new netherland.
pacific grove, california is part of california.
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
1634: the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
eric flint was the author of 1634: the ram rebellion.
1634: the ram rebellion is available in print.
aids (journal) is published in the united kingdom.
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
a long long way is written in english.
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025-5858.
above the veil was written by garth nix.
above the veil is available in print.
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567-7920.
the lccn number of addiction (journal) is 93645978.
addiction (journal) was designed by the academic discipline of addiction.
aenir was written in english.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states.
the english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians.
the american journal of mathematics discipline is mathematics.
english is the language spoken in castle.
eric flint was born in burbank, california.
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
john cowper powys notable work was a glastonbury romance.
soho press is in the united states.
faber and faber is the publisher of the secret scripture.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
english is the language of the united states.
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to weymouth sands.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
a.d. isidro metapán play in the salvadoran primera division.
the full name of a.f.c. blackpool is association football club blackpool.
a.f.c. blackpool ground is the mechanics.
a.f.c. blackpool ground is in blackpool.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
aek athens f.c. ground is in athens.
aek athens fc played the 2014-2015 season in the football league.
the azal arena is located in baku.
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014-15.
akron, ohio is located in the united states.
akron, ohio is located in summit county, ohio.
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault.
amsterdam's leader is eberhard van der laan.
christian panucci plays for chelsea f.c.
christian panucci plays for inter milan.
frank de boer played for fc barcelona.
gubbio is in the region of umbria.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy.
jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc.
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
peter stöger plays for 1. fc koln.
rolando maran plays for f.c. bari 1908.
jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is located in the united states.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba.
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b.m. reddy.
mahe, india is northwest of kerala.
mendrisio is located in mendrisio.
the capital of romania is bucharest.
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16,000 students.
alan bean is an american.
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8.
buzz aldrin was a sc.d in 1963.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963.
benitoite is the gemstone of california.
elliot see died in 1966-02-28.
elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see is deceased.
the creator of april o'neil is kevin eastman.
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc.
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
bo bibbowski full name is bibbo bibbowski.
bill oddie was born in lancashire.
jon valor is also known as black pirate.
john buscema won the eisner award.
the nationality of karl kesel is american.
marv wolfman was awarded the kirby award.
the nationality of peter laird is united states.
scott adsit was born in northbrook, illinois.
the area code of albany, georgia is 229.
albany is part of the u.s.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is the mayor.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is the new mexico senate.
the total area of amarillo, texas is 233.9 (square kilometres).
amarillo is part of randall county, texas.
anderson is part of richland township, madison county, indiana.
angola, indiana is 324.0 above sea level.
the area code of antioch, california is 925.
antioch is part of contra costa county, california.
the population density of arlington, texas is 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed.
atlantic city, new jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
attica, indiana is elevated 166.0 above sea level.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama.
auburn, washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
austin is part of texas.
the spanish language is spoken in california.
dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county, georgia.
fulton county, georgia is in the united states.
anderson is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
michigan is in the united states.
detroit is the largest city in michigan.
orange county, california is located within the united states.
portland is the largest city in oregon.
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county, texas.
barack obama is the leader of the united states.
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol.
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre.
arros negre is from the catalonia region.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore.
tomato is an ingredient of blt.
baked alaska is from hong kong.
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombia.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region.
barny cakes have 30 g of size and has a serving size of 30.0 g.
batagor is a variation of batagor.
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
beef kway teow is a dish of indonesia.
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji.
taro is an ingredient in binignit.
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico.
bionico is from the jalisco region.
bird is the class of chicken.
the currency of india is the indian rupee.
india's leader is sumitra mahajan.
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia.
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco.
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia.
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo.
spanish is spoken in new york.
shumai is in china.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay.
the malays are an ethnic group in sumatra.
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick, maryland and its nearest city is frederick, maryland.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
albany is a city in oregon, where salem is the capital and oregon is the capital of oregon.
albuquerque, new mexico, is led by the united states house of representatives.
amarillo is part of texas in the united states.
anaheim, california is part of california and is led by the united states house of representatives.
anaheim, california is part of orange county, california, united states.
adams township, madison county, indiana is part of adams township, madison county, indiana, united states.
antioch, california is 13 0 above sea level and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
arlington, texas is 258.2 square kilometres total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
arlington is part of texas in the united states.
atlanta is part of georgia, in the united states.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city, new jersey is in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
the population density of atlantic city, new jersey, is 44.125 square kilometres.
auburn is part of pierce county, washington, united states.
albany is part of washington dc and the capital city is washington d.c.
amarillo is the capital of the united states where amarillo is the capital.
albuquerque, new mexico, is in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
auburn, alabama is located in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken.
albuquerque, new mexico, is in the united states where the leader is known as the president.
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in indonesia.
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and is from the region of malaysia.
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich.
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which is a dish from sausage.
the alternative name for a bacon sandwich is bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt.
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france.
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader.
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states.
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart, which is a variation of bakewell pudding.
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia.
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family apiaceae.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish.
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow.
bhajji originates from india where the demonym for people living in india is indian.
bhajji originates from india where the leader is called t s thakur.
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group.
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and banana.
the main ingredient of binignit is the sweet potato and banana.
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader.
bionico is a food found in guadalajara, guadalajara, guadalajara.
cake is a variation on dessert and cake is a variation of dessert.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader.
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor.
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh, awadh.
al asad airbase is located at al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
al asad airbase is in iraq where the language is arabic.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who operate al asad airbase.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is a member of the class monocotyledon and is made of poaceae.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a runway length of 877.0.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 3800 metres.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and is -3.3528 above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city.
angola international airport serves luanda and serves luanda.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae which is 597.0 in length.
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet.
the operating organization for ashgabat international airport is turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in turkmenistan.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey.
infraero is operated by infraero which is operated by infraero.
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014-15.
verona, italy is the home to a.c. chievo verona which has 39371 members.
rolando maran was born in italy and manages a.c. chievo verona.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014–15 a epsth, greece season.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for blackburn rovers f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for rlam town f.c.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio.
a.s. livorno calcio play in serie b.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a.s. roma.
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f.c.
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s.p.a. and has 47290 members.
aek athens f.c.'s ground is in greece and has 69618 members.
aek athens f.c.'s ground is the olympic stadium (athens) and they play in the superleague greece.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is sportpark de toekomst where jong ajax is the tenant.
azal pfk comes from shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season and has 3000 members.
gubbio is in the gubbio region of umbria.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma and plays for empoli f.c.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
virginia demarce is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which was written by virginia demarce.
aip advances (abbreviated to aip adv.) has the eissn number 2158.
the author of a fortress of grey ice is j.v. jones and is available in print.
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and is 672 pages long and has 672 pages.
a glastonbury romance, written by john cowper powys, was followed by weymouth sands.
a long long way is available in print and paperback and has the oclc number 57392246.
a long long way has 292 pages and is 292 pages long.
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house.
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print.
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover.
a severed wasp was written in the english language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science and business media.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in fantasy literature, fantasy literature.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math) is abbreviated to am. j. math.
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publish the american journal of mathematics.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba, alba.
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, bangalore.
the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai.
kochi is the leader of kerala which is lead by kochi.
the creator of april o'neil is peter laird which is in the united states.
jill shilling starred in bananaman which starred jill shilling.
bananaman stars graeme garden and starred graeme garden.
tim brooke-taylor, who starred in bananaman, was born in derbyshire.
alan tudyk stars in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which steven t. seagle created baymax.
ben urich, whose full name is benjamin urich, was created by roger mckenzie.
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and marv wolfman.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in retired.
alan shepard was a test pilot who was a test pilot.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 and a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m.s.
108 st. georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states.
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors.
the architect of 320 south boston building is the united states.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which is located at east link bridge.
the 3arena is located in dublin, company populous.
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in copenhagen.
adare manor was completed in 1862.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka and is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
the address of akita museum of art is 142 nakadori and has 3 floors.
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road.
ampara hospital is located in eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is austin fernando.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, united states.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new york city.
adare manor is located in county limerick, munster.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey in the united states, where joe biden is a leader.
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in the united states and graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin.
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis.
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis where francis g slay is the leader.
elliot see died in st louis on february 28, 1966.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space.
1634: the bavarian crisis is available in print and has 448 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair and is the sequel to 1634: the galileo affair.
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery and publishes acm transactions on information systems.
the academic discipline of aids journal is hiv/aids and has the issn number 0269-9370.
the aids journal, which has the issn number 1473-5571, is hiv/aids.
the editor of aip advances is a.t. charlie johnson who is the editor of aip advances which is edited by a.t. charlie johnson who is the editor of aip advances.
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 0-7653-0633-6 and the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501.
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states.
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover and has 388 pages.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg (abbreviated to abh. math. semin. univ. hambg) is abbreviated to abh. math. semin. univ. hambg.
above the veil was written in english and was followed by above the veil which was followed by above the veil.
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil.
garth nix is the author of above the veil which is 248 pages long.
acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol., has an issn number of 0567-7920 and a lccn number of 60040714.
addiction (journal) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 1360-0443.
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley-blackwell whose parent company is john wiley & sons and has the issn number 0965-2140.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly.
above the veil followed the book aenir which was written by garth nix.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100.
english is spoken in great britain and the united states where the english language is spoken.
john cowper powys was born in shirley, derbyshire and died in shirley, derbyshire and died in shirley, derbyshire.
sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications which is published by sage publications which has the issn number 0001-8392.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the president. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for sv germania schoneiche.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
the full name of a.c. lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa and they have 4150 members.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team. he is attached to the club alianza f.c. and the el salvador national football team.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is in antonis milionis and has 1500 members.
a.f.c. blackpool has 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
afc fylde's manager is dave challinor who plays for colwyn bay fc.
livorno, italy is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio which has 19238 members and their ground is in livorno, italy.
the manager of a.s. livorno calcio is carpi fc 1909 and they play in serie b. carpi fc 1909 are the champions of serie b.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f.c. and real madrid cf.
aek athens f.c. play in the superleague of greece where olympiacos fc are previous champions.
aek athens f.c. manager is gus poyet who plays for chelsea f.c.
amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
amsterdam-noord is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for both istanbulspor a.ş.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. the club play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma and plays for empoli f.c.
massimo drago was at the club asd licita 1931 and manages a.c. cesena.
massimo drago plays for u.s castrovillari calcio and manages a.c. cesena and plays for u.s castrovillari calcio.
massimo drago plays for u.s castrovillari calcio and manages a.c. cesena and plays for u.s castrovillari calcio.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio. frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, where rahm emanuel is a leader.
the 320 south boston building is located in the united states and has 22 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay.
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
marriott international was the architect of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
augustus pugin (born in bloomsbury) was designed by augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury.
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor, which was completed in 1862.
adisham hall, haputale, was completed in 1931.
adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka, where sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital. sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka.
the mason school of business is located in the united states and began in the united states.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and was the architect of the significant buildings of the riverside art museum.
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan, who was born in california.
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd, pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 and is located on asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california.
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a, manhattan. it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23 in 1904.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23 in new york city.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who designed 103 colmore row.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham, where the liberal democrats are the leaders.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where hailemariam desalegn is the leader.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, ahmedabad.
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albuquerque, new mexico, has a total area of 1142.3 square kilometres and has a total area of 1142.3 square kilometres.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
anaheim, california has a utc offset of anaheim, california and has a utc offset of 657, 714.
anaheim, california is part of california and is led by the california state capitol.
anderson is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana, united states.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, which is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california which is part of contra costa county, california.
arlington is part of tarrant county, texas, in the united states.
atlanta is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
atlanta has a total population density of 347.1 square kilometres and has a total population density of 347.1 square kilometres.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of newark, new jersey, in the united states.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states where the largest city is new york city.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama in the united states.
auburn, washington is part of washington dc and the capital city is washington dc.
auburn, washington is part of olympia, part of olympia and is part of olympia.
albany is part of dougherty county in georgia, which is part of atlanta.
alexandria, indiana is part of madison county, indiana, in the united states and is in the united states.
new jersey is part of new jersey, in the united states.
houston is the largest city in texas where the largest city is houston.
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the capital is washington dc.
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the capital is washington dc.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and english is the language spoken.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
albuquerque is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albany is the language of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
angola, indiana is located in the united states where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
aarhus lufthavn a/s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s and has a runway length of 2776.0.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake, new york and is served by adirondack regional airport.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, spain.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag.
al asad airbase in iraq has a runway length of 3992.88.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was operated by the united states air force which was operated by the united states air force.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877.0.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is located in pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has their headquarters in the jinnah international airport.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and the language spoken is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the people are known as tejano.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium, where the german language is spoken.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport which serves the four world trade centre.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, part of the community of madrid in madrid where the leader party is ahora madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, spain.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes, spain.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, united states. to the southeast of adams county is carroll county, maryland.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania and south of carroll county, maryland.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the atatürk monument is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara and the capital is ankara.
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region.
arem-arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the flowering plant division.
arrabbiata sauce includes the ingredient olive oil.
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome in italy.
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the capital is kuala lumpur.
ayam penyet is a food found in the region of malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d.c.
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich.
baked alaska is from the new york region of france and includes sponge cake.
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls and manuel valls are leaders. baked alaska comes from france.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire. the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region. the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where manuel valls is a leader.
noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef are main ingredients in batchoy which comes from the philippines.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
tony tan is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and indonesia.
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader.
cookies and banana are an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert.
sago is an ingredient in binignit which comes from the country of dessert.
taro is an ingredient in binignit which comes from the country of dessert.
the main ingredients of binignit is banana and sweet potato which is of the order solanales.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico and contains granola.
bionico is a food found in the guadalajara region of mexico. it contains raisins.
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the mexican peso.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and english is spoken.
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order solanales.
awh engineering college in kerala, india has 250 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students.
kerala has mahe, india to its northwest. kerala has mahe, india to its northwest.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose anthem is deșteaptă-te, române.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928.
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and starred tim brooke-taylor.
the film big hero 6, starring scott adsit, was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures.
big hero 6, starring the walt disney studios motion pictures, was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and starred ryan potter.
the comic character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino.
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn and dan mishkin.
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and ernie colon.
103 colmore row was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors and was completed in 1976.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town and the coloured people are an ethnic group.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states. the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo, new york and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
300 north lasalle is located in illinois, in 2009 and has 60 floors.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick which is part of munster and governed by the limerick city and county council.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia and is owned by the college of william and mary.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where the leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
asilomar conference grounds, constructed in 1913, is located on pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a, manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of manhattan where cyrus vance jr. is one of the leaders.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, which is part of manhattan where gale brewer is the leader.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham, which is lead by andrew mitchell.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham, which is lead by the labour party (uk).
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india where the leader is anandiben patel.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india where the leader is narendra modi.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, akita prefecture, japan.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the capital city is london which is lead by elizabeth ii.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden is a leader and the leader is known as the president.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property and is categorised as a contributing property.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland.
the atatürk monument is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara and is made of bronze.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the leader is the president of turkey.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albuquerque, new mexico, has a total area of 1142.3 square kilometres and has a total area of 1142.3 square kilometres.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states and georgia in the united states.
amarillo is the capital of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
amarillo is a city in potter county, texas, united states. the capital of texas is austin.
the california state assembly is the location of the california state assembly and is located in california, where the leader is california state capitol.
anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, in the united states.
antioch, california has an utc offset of 102372 square kilometres.
atlantic city, new jersey has a total area of 1421.2 square kilometres and has a total area of 1421.2 square kilometres.
auburn, alabama is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
auburn, alabama is located in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
auburn, washington is part of the king county in washington, united states, where the capital is washington dc. the capital city is washington dc and the capital city is washington d.c.
auburn is part of king county, washington, which is part of washington dc and the capital city is washington dc.
austin is part of hays county, texas where san marcos is the largest city. san marcos is the largest city in hays county, texas.
the california state assembly is the location of the california state assembly and is located in california, which is part of california.
georgia is in the united states and georgia in the united states.
anderson is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana, in the united states.
the english language is spoken in texas where the largest city is houston.
albany, oregon is located in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c. and african americans are an ethnic group.
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the capital city is washington dc. new jersey is part of new jersey.
albuquerque is located in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albuquerque, new mexico, in the united states, where the leader is called asian americans and the leader is called asian americans.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader is barack obama.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
angola, indiana is part of the united states where english is spoken and the language is english.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, in the united states where english is spoken.
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for fsv zwickau.
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for f.c. bari 1908.
michele marcolini manages the a.c. lumezzane and plays for a.c. chievo verona.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the antonis milionis league and has 1500 members and their ground is in antonis milionis.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county fc.
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where the ground of afc blackpool have their ground in blackpool where gordon marsden is the leader.
a.f.c. fylde played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
a.f.c. fylde played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
paulo sousa plays for both maccabi tel aviv f.c. and maccabi tel aviv f.c. and inter milan.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece and have 69618 members.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n.v. and is owned by afc ajax n.v. and is owned by afc ajax n.v.
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season and have 5000 members.
john van den brom plays for afc ajax and vitesse arnhem and plays for afc ajax and vitesse arnhem.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school in akron, ohio, united states.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella.
peter stöger is attached to the club fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien club.
abilene, texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2,194.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the runway name is 18l/36r and is 3500 metres long.
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is "viag".
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0 and is -3.3528 from sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0 and is -3.3528 from sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 929 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states. the capital of texas is austin and the capital city is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states. the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in ashgabat, turkmenistan.
athens international airport is located at 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, united states. the airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium, where the german language is spoken.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium, where the french language is spoken.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, essex county, new york, united states.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken. fuad masum is the leader of iraq.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab, pakistan where malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and classed as monocotyledon.
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which is based in broadcasting house in broadcasting house.
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling and starred jill shilling.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and starred ryan potter.
ernie colon, also known as larry bolatinsky, was created by gary cohn and ernie colon.
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 51969173 and is available in hardcover.
a loyal character dancer was published in hardcover and has the isbn number of 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the spoken language.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has 560 pages and is available in hardcover.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the lccn number 83646315 and is abbreviated to acta math. hungar.
the acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol., has the lccn number of 60040714 and the issn number 0567-7920.
acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol., is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number of 1732-2421.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
aenir is available in paperback with the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states and the parent company is johns hopkins university press.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the leader is barack obama.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963 and was a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from glen ridge, new jersey. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in apollo 11 where edwin eugene aldrin jr. was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he died in california.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he died in california where dianne feinstein is died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001. the ganges is a river in india.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in tennis was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education which is governed by the international tennis federation and is governed by the international tennis federation.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, alba county, romania. romania's capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is governed by the city of aarhus which is lead by lars lokke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala, in the state of kerala which has 250 academic staff.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region.
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and is from the catalonia region of spain.
white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers are the main ingredients of arròs negre which is from the catalonia region of spain.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the parliament of catalonia is a leader.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian malay and malaysian malay are an ethnic group.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital city is washington d.c.
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and is a variation of the club sandwich.
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich is bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce and contains bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
baked alaska is a dessert that can be found in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and is from the united states and is from the united states.
meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which is from france, the united states or china. meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked alaska.
meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from hong kong and includes meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where fruit preserves are an ingredient.
tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which is a dish from indonesia.
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
bandeja paisa includes red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader.
batagor comes from the country of indonesia and shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish.
batchoy comes from the region of la paz, iloilo city, philippines. the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is found in indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia. standard chinese is spoken in singapore and standard chinese is spoken and halimah yacob is the leader.
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and indonesia. kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of india.
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of the karnataka region.
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and sweet potato which is of the order solanales.
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines. the main ingredient is coconut milk.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico and contains granola.
sour cream, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients of bionico which is from the guadalajara region of mexico.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the leader is tony tan.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the llocano people are an ethnic group.
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where batchoy is eaten.
the dessert binignit comes from the philippines, where the language is philippine english.
the dessert binignit comes from the philippines, where the language spoken is philippine english.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazette.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the novel into battle was followed by the violet keystone and the novel castle.
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the president. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states, where barack obama is the president and was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where barack obama is the president and the capital is washington d.c. and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is known as the president.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group. the country is the location of albany, georgia in the united states.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
amarillo is a language spoken in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the capital is washington d.c.
amarillo is the language spoken in texas where austin is the capital. english is spoken in texas.
amarillo is a language spoken in texas where the capital is austin and the language spoken is english.
anderson is part of anderson, indiana, which is part of anderson township, madison county, indiana, in the united states.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california which is part of contra costa county, california.
atlanta has a total area of 347.9 square kilometres and has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres of land.
attica, indiana is part of logan township, fountain county, indiana, which has a total area of 783.1 square kilometres.
auburn, alabama is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
auburn, washington is part of the king county in washington, united states and has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
austin is the largest city in williamson county, texas where the largest city is williamson county, texas, in the english language.
austin is part of hays county, texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
austin is part of hays county, texas where san marcos is the largest city. san marcos is the largest city in hays county, texas.
indiana is part of madison county, indiana, which is part of madison county, indiana.
the spanish language is spoken in texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
tarrant county is the largest city in tarrant county, texas where the capital is austin. the capital of texas is austin.
the capital of the united states is washington, d.c. and white americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d.c.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and the capital is washington d.c.
angola, indiana is located in the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
lee county, alabama is located in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
lee county, alabama is located in the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
newark and native americans are an ethnic group in new jersey where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albuquerque, new mexico is part of new mexico, in the united states where the leader is called the president.
angola, indiana is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where barack obama is the capital and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albany, georgia is located in the united states, where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, pennsylvania, united states. the monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast. carrol county maryland is southwest of adams county, pennsylvania. carrol county maryland is southwest of adams county, pennsylvania.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the capital of azerbaijan is baku.
the atatürk monument is located in izmir, turkey, where the largest city is istanbul and the capital city is ankara.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india was established in 2001. kerala has mahe, india to its northwest.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. india's largest city is mumbai.
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is lead by kochi. the ganges is a river in india.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus which has to its northeast mols. it is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and starred alan tudyk and steven t. seagle.
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908 and vicenza calcio.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county fc.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the leader is sergio mattarella and the leader is sergio mattarella.
the olympic stadium (athens) is in the real zaragoza club and has been manager of aek athens fc.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella and the official language is italian.
arem-arem is a popular dish in indonesia, but is more specific to java. indonesia's leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and the capital is kuala lumpur.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups and the capital is kuala lumpur.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups and the capital is kuala lumpur.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups and abu zahar ujang is a leader.
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area. the main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d.c. and white americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk, where the main ingredients are bread and bacon and bacon muffin.
baked alaska is from france where the leader is gérard larcher and the leader is gérard larcher.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia. it is from the antioquia department of colombia.
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gérard larcher.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor are variations of the same dish.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor comes from.
batagor comes from the country of indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla and shumai.
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of india.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leader is vajubhai vala. bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. t.s. thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india.
sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto. the leader of mexico is enrique pena nieto.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and honey can be added to it.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is carles puigdemont. the leader of the country is felipe vi.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini and italian is the language spoken. amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is laura boldrini.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy where the leader is pietro grasso and matteo renzi.
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java, where the javanese people are an ethnic group.
tony tan is a leader in singapore where the javanese people are an ethnic group and the javanese people are an ethnic group.
philippine spanish is the language spoken in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the language spoken is philippine spanish.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain where the leader is felipe vi.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a test pilot. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a test pilot.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from glen ridge, new jersey. he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa. he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 which was operated by nasa and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup, denmark where the faroese language is spoken.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the runway name is 14l/32r and it has a length of 4100.0.
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is operated by the indian air force and has a runway length of 1818.0.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force which was operated by the united states air force. the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter in the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of poaceae and is 88 metres above sea level.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the runway name is 18l/36r and is 3310 long.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the runway name is 18r/36l which is 2900 long.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, united states and serves the city of alpena, michigan.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states and serves the city of alpena, michigan.
angola international airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, united states. the airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium and philippe of belgium are served by antwerp international airport.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, in the united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york which is part of harrietstown, new york, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, essex county, new york, united states.
the hal light combat helicopter is the operating organisation for agra airport which is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force which is lead by ram naik.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is fuad masum and fuad masum.
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states.
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo, new york and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken. margrethe ii is the leader of denmark.
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which was founded in washington, d.c. and the greenlandic language is spoken.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which was founded in washington dc and the greenlandic language is spoken.
augustus pugin (born in bloomsbury) was designed by augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury. the country's leader is enda kenny.
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall which was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the leader of japan is tarō asō.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states and the current tenants are the mason school of business.
the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, india.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka. the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
the architect of the asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan, who was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach.
the architect of the asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan, who was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new netherland and is part of new netherland.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham where the labour politician john clancy is the leader and the labour politician john clancy is the leader.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the leader is called the president.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania. it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and frederick county, maryland to its southwest.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army so
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army so
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot who was born in wheeler, texas.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he died in california.
alan bean was born in june 1981 and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa and retired in june 1981.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963 and was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from glen ridge, new jersey. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot. he was selected by nasa in 1963.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he died in california, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he died in california.
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with a m.s. from afit in 1962 and was a crew member on apollo 8.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st, 1969.
william anders was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin as backup pilot buzz aldrin and frank borman.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino, switzerland was established in 1996. it has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
the awh engineering college in kerala, india was established in 2001 and is located in the state of kerala, india. india's largest city is mumbai.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the largest city is istanbul and the largest city is istanbul.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is located in izmir, turkey, where the largest city is istanbul and the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in 2000. it is located in the city of bangalore, karnataka, india.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has telangana to its northeast and is governed by the international tennis federation.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated with the european university association and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated with the european university association and is affiliated with the european university association.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree at the university of texas at austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree at the united states.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963 and was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17, 1933 in british hong kong. he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17, 1933 in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 8820.0 minutes in space.
aaron s. daggett was awarded the purple heart.
aaron s. daggett was battle of mine run.
ab klink was born in stellendam, netherlands.
the tuanku bujang tuanku othman is the president of abdul rahman yakkub.
abdul taib mahmud is part of the parti bumiputera sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud successors at the sulaiman abdul rahman taib.
abdulsalami abubakar was erected in 1999.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state.
abner w sibal was designed by the active years end date.
abner w sibal died in alexandria, virginia.
adam holloway was born in kent.
the residence of adam holloway is gravesend.
adenan satem was a member of the university of adelaide.
adolf scharf was born in mikulov.
adonis georgiadis can be found in antonis samaras.
adonis georgiadis was written by deputy minister for development, competitiveness and shipping.
hessisch oldendorf is the birthplace of agnes kant.
marietta, ohio is the birthplace of agnes ward white.
the active years start date of airey neave is 1953-06-30.
airey neave was awarded the military cross.
the birth place of airey neave is knightsbridge, london.
the military rank of airey neave is lieutenant colonel.
airey neave started in 1935.
albert b white is in the republican party (united states).
agnes ward white is the spouse of albert b white.
the branch of albert jennings fountain is union army.
argentina is the nationality of alberto teisaire.
the profession of alberto teisaire is the rear admiral in the argentine navy.
alfons gorbach died in austria.
alfred moore scales was started in 1875-03-04.
alfred moore scales was battle of chancellorsville.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was written by mayor of stamford, connecticut.
allan shivers was started on 1947-01-21.
allan shivers is published in the united states army.
price daniel sucessors allan shivers.
alvah sabin has the active years start date.
alvah sabin is part of whig party (united states).
robert e. lee is the commander of the american civil war.
austrian german is the language spoken in austria.
robert e. lee is the commander of battle of antietam.
battle of cold harbor is located in the american civil war.
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti.
colin powell is the commander of gulf war.
dwight d. eisenhower is the predecesor of john f. kennedy.
josef klaus was a member of the university of vienna.
juan carlos is the predecesor of juan carlos i.
juan peron is a part of the labour party (argentina).
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands.
the united states army is the location of the united states army.
william m. o. dawson was born in bloomington, maryland.
dodge coronet is the alternative name for 1955 dodge.
230 is the engine of 1955 dodge.
the christen of a rosa luna is 2005-04-07.
aida cruises is located in rostock.
aida cruises is the operator of aidaluna.
the christenig date of aidastella is 2013-03-16.
aidastella was completed on 2013-03-11.
the maiden voyage for aidastella is 2013-03-17.
aida cruises is the operator of aidastella.
the launch site of alv x-1 is mid atlantic regional spaceport.
the alternative name for amc matador is american motors matador.
ara veinticinco de mayo is the sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948.
the straight four engine is the engine of the abarth 1000 gt coupe.
honda k engine is a engine for acura tlx.
acura tlx is the layout of acura tlx.
acura tlx is a honda accord.
acura tlx was the transmission of acura tlx.
alfa romeo 164 was written by arese.
alfa romeo 164 was published in lancia thema.
alfa romeo 164 was the transmission of alfa romeo 164.
the builder of alhambra is samuda brothers.
alhambra has the ship beam 8.3 m.
alhambra is wrecked.
alhambra's top speed is 18.52.
alvis speed 25 was a straight six engine.
alvis speed 25 was model in 1937.
american submarine nr-1 has a ship draft of 4.6 m.
the final flight of antares (rocket) is 2814-10-28.
the launch site of antares (rocket) is mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0.
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti.
guiana space centre is the launch site of ariane 5.
the maiden for ariane flight is 2005-08-11.
aston martin va style is convertible.
aston martin v8 is manufacture of aston martin.
aston martin virage is manufacture of aston martin.
the final flight of atlas ii is 1998-03-16.
the launch site of atlas ii is vandenberg air force base.
the founder of audi is august horch.
audi brussels is the assembly of audi an.
audi a1 related mean of transportation is seat ibiza.
caterpillar inc. is in peoria, illinois.
genoa is the location of costa crociere.
chrysler newport is the transportation of desoto custom.
fiat croma's related mean of transportation is alfa romeo 164.
germany's demonym is germany.
the leader of germany is norbert lammert.
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich.
giovanni bertone was founded by giovanni bertone.
guiana space centre is headquartered in kourou, french guiana.
honda k engine manufacture is honda k engine.
the anthem of the united states is the the star spangled banner.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a.c. milan.
aaron boogard was born in canada.
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen.
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team.
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team.
abner (footballer) was born in brazil.
diemen is the birthplace of adam maher.
adam maher was born in netherlands.
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under.
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven.
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team.
akem adams was born in the point fortin.
akem dent was formerly known as akem dent.
akem priestley plays for connecticut huskies.
al-khor sports club plays in the league.
al-zawra's manager is basim qasim.
al kharaitiyat sc is posited by qatar stars league.
the birth place of alaa abdul zahra is baghdad.
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f.c.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c.
alan martin (footballer) plays for scotland national under.
aleksander barkov was born in 1995.
aleksander barkov jr. plays for florida panthers.
aleksander barkov, jr. has the height of 1.905.
aleksander barkov jr. play in the national hockey league.
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989.
aleksandr prudnikov is in the club fc amkar perm.
aleksandre guruli is in batumi.
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia.
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under.
alessio romagnoli plays for a.s. roma.
a.s. roma is the youthclub of alessio romagnoli.
alex plante was born in manitoba.
alex tyus play in the turkish basketball super league.
atlanta falcons is from atlanta.
the general manager of boston bruins is don sweeney.
budapest is a dish from hungary.
the english language is spoken in canada.
the slavey language is spoken in canada.
columbus blue jackets is in columbus, ohio.
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny.
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov.
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosit.
the finnish language is spoken in finland.
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under-16 football team.
zvi sherf is the coach maccabi ashdod b.c.
fir park is the ground of motherwell f.c.
the owner of olympique lyonais is jean michel aulas.
st louis rams is in st. louis.
tennessee titans is in the city of nashville, tennessee.
aaron bertram was started in 1998.
aaron deer was a horns of happiness.
kill rock stars is the record label of aaron deer.
avant garde metal is the genre of aaron turner.
the genre of aaron turner is progressive metal.
the background of abradab is solo singer.
abradab's birth date was 1978-11-12.
abradab's birth place is poland.
hip hop music is the genre of abradab.
guarania is the genre of agustin barboza.
istanbul, turkey is the birthplace of ahmet ertegun.
the genre of alan frew is rock music.
albennie jones is a musical artist of sammy price.
aleksandra kova is background at solo singer.
aleksandra kovay was born in yugoslavia.
the genre of aleksandra kovan is rhythm and blues.
aleksandra kovan is genred by soul music.
the genre of alex day is synthpop.
alfredo zitarrosa is in the hector numa of hector numa moraes.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the uruguay.
the record label alfredo zitarrosa is rca records.
alison o(donnell was started to be found in 1963.
the genre of alison odonnell is jazz.
the instrument of alison o'donnell is voice, bodhran, percusion, autoharp.
allen forrest was born on 1981-02-04.
the genre of allen forrest is popumusic.
alligator records is located in chicago.
johnny sansone is the associated musical artist of anders osborne.
the genre of anders osborne is rhythm and blues.
alligator records is the record label of anders osborne.
andra is genred by rhythm and blues.
andrew rayel was started in 2009.
christian burns is the associated musical artist of andrew rayel.
andrew rayel was born in chisinau, moldova.
marry banilow is the associated musical artist of andrew white (musician).
the record label of andrew white is b-unique records.
asuncion is part of gran asuncion.
christian burns is from guitar.
the gangsta rap is the music subgen of hip hop music.
hip hop music is in the stylistic origin of funk.
the stylistic origin of indie rock is new wave music.
manchester is part of greater manchester.
polydor records is located in london.
the distributing company of rca records is the sony music entertainment.
the stylistic origin of rock and roll is blues.
synthpop's stylistic originis in synthpop.
british people are from the united kingdom.
19255 19255 is the density of 19255 19255.
the discover of 29075 29075 is carl a. wirtanen.
the absolute magnitude of the 410777 2009 fd is 22.1.
the apoapsis for the 410777 410777 is 259776702.47055 kilometres.
66063 1998 has the kilometres of kilometres.
66063 1998 ro1 was epoched by the 2013-11-04.
1000 piazzia's escape velocity is 0.0252 kilometreperseconds.
1001 gaussia former name is 1923 oaa907 xc.
1001 gaussia's maximum temperature is 165.0 kelvins.
101 helena has the apoaplis 441092000.0 kilometres.
101 helena has the epoch to 2006-12-31.
101 helena has 3 0 kilograms.
1036 ganymed's average speed is 16.86 kilometreperseconds.
103 hera has 7 66 absolute magnitude.
103 hera has 7.9 kilograms.
107 camilla has 7 08 absolute magnitude.
107 camilla is in a. storrs.
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va.
1089 tama has a period of 1202.846 days.
1097 vicia has 17.92 kilometreperseconds.
1097 vicia has the epoch to 2006-12-31.
1097 vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
109 felicitas is in the christian heinrich friedrich friedrich peters.
109 felicitas has the periapsis 2833260000.0.
10 hygiea's average speed is 16.76 kilometreperseconds.
1101 clematis has the periapsis 445895000000.0.
110 lydia has the epoch to 2006-12-31.
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
the university of michigan is the alma mater of james craig watson.
the birth place of n. r. pogson is nottingham.
aaron s. daggett was awarded the battle of fredericksburg.
aaron s. dagget was awarded the battle of gettysburg and was awarded the purple heart.
abdul rahman ya'kub is the president of abdul rahman yakkub.
abdul taib mahmud is the birthplace of abdul taib mahmud who was born in the kingdom of sarawak.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and his alma mater is technical institute, kaduna.
the chief of the defence staff was born in nigeria, abdulsalami abubakar, who was born in nigeria.
the chief of the defence staff is the chief of the defence staff and was chief of the defence staff and the chief of the defence staff.
abdulsalami abubakar was designed by olusegun obasanjo and the olusegun obasanjo and olusegun obasanjo are the active years end date of olusegun obasanjo.
abdulsalami abubakar is located in the olusegun obasanjo and the olusegun obasanjo.
world war ii is the commander of world war ii and was commanded by joseph stalin.
the united states army is the location of the branch of abner w sibal which is based in the united states army, whose battle is korean war.
magdalene college, cambridge is the alma mater of adam holloway.
the birth place of adam holloway is kent.
adam koc was awarded the virtuti militari and was awarded the virtuti militari.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens, and was written by deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was written by the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally.
the parliamentary group leader is the birthplace of agnes kant which was written by hessisch oldendorf.
airey neave was awarded the royal artillery of military cross.
the battle of france is the battle of france and the battle of france are the battle of france.
the battle of france was commanded by hugo sperrle and commanded by hugo sperrle.
airey neave was born in the knightsridge born airey neave.
world war ii is the commander of world war ii and was commanded by franklin d. roosevelt.
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin and was commanded by joseph stalin.
albert b white was born in 1941 and died in 1941 and died in 1941.
albert b white was born in politician and has the profession 1856-09-22.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new york city.
albert jennings fountain is the location of the albert jennings fountain which is the location of the albert jennings fountain which is the location of the albert jennings fountain.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and was born in new york city.
alberto teisaire is isaac rojas.
austria hungary is the birthplace of alfons gorbach which was born in austria.
austria is the birthplace of alfons gorbach.
the governor of north carolina and the governor of north carolina and the governor of north carolina and james w retipe.
daniel gould fowle is the alma mater of alfred moore scales who graduated from princeton university. he graduated from princeton university.
alfred n. phillips is located in the united states house of representatives and was born in connecticut.
american civil war is the battle of the united states army which is based in the united states army which has the american civil war.
world war ii is the commander of world war ii and world war ii and was commanded by joseph stalin.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas and is office born in lufkin, texas.
allan shivers is a member of the ben ramsey mission.
alvah sabin was born on the 23rd of november 1793 and was written by secretary of state of vermont.
agnes kant is a dish from the country of euro, the currency is the euro.
agnes kant is a dish from the country of netherlands where mark rutte is the leader.
parkersburg, west virginia is located within the united states.
aaron boogaard who was born in saskatchewan, plays for wichita thunder.
abel hernandez plays for jorge orosman da silva. the manager of penarol is jorge orosman da silva.
abel hernandez plays for u.s. citt di palermo and plays for u.s. citt, di palermo and plays for u.s. citt di palermo.
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and plays for az alkmaar.
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under and plays for the netherlands national under.
ahmad kadhim assad plays for al shorta sc.
akem adams is attached to the club ferencvarosi tc and manages the ferencvarosi tc club.
akem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national football team and plays for tatec sports club.
new england patriots is the former team of akem ayers which has 39 formers team.
tennessee titans is the former team of akem ayers which has 39 formers team.
akem dent was born in 1987 and was born in 1987 and was born in 1987.
akem priestley is in the club connecticut huskies and plays for connecticut huskies.
akem priestley is in the rops club and plays for rops.
alaa abdul zahra is in alaa abdul zahra, al khor.
alaa abdul zahra is managed by alaa abdul zahra which is managed by amar osim.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c. and hamilton academical f.c. and hamilton academical f.c. are previous club hamilton academical f.c.
the ground of alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical fc.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born in florida panthers, was born in florida panthers.
aleksander barkov jr. was born in tampere, finland and was born in tampere, finland.
aleksandr chumakov is in the valery petrakov club and manages fc torpedo moscow.
aleksandr prudnikov is in the club fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for russian football national league, fc tom tomsk and fc tom tomsk.
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi and fc karpaty lviv.
alex plante, born in manitoba, was born in manitoba.
alex tyus, who was born in the pallacanestro cant club, plays for 1988-01-08.
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b.c.
brandon manitoba is the leader of brandon, manitoba, who was born in brandon, manitoba.
adam mcquaid (born in canada, was born in canada.
adam mcquaid is in canada where the english language is spoken.
aleksandre guruli has been manager of fc dinamo batumi and plays for fc dinamo batumi.
aleksandr prudnikov is in the otkrytiye arena club and plays for fc spartak moscow.
akem priestley is in the league rops and plays for rops.
akem adams is palo seco velodrome and plays for united petrotrin f.c.
aaron deer is a popular tourist destination in the genre of psychedelia.
aaron deer is from the united states.
aaron turner is genred by the electroacoustic musical artist of electroacoustic music.
an instrument of aaron turner is avant garde metal.
the associated musical artist of abradab is kaliber 44 and the associated musical musical musical magik.
abradab was born in abradab, katowice.
abradab's birth place is poland.
hip hop music is the genre of ace wilder which has hip hop music as its genre.
ace wilder is a record label for the warner music group and the solo singer record label.
agustin barboza (born in philips records) is the record label of paraguay.
the music fusion genre of rock music is rock music which is genred by the music fusion genre.
alan frew is a country music from country music and comes from country music.
albennie jones is a food found in jazz where the blues is a stylistic origin.
aleksandra kova (background is located in aleksandra kova, which is genred by the solo singer and popumusic.
rhythm and blues is a stylistic origin of blues where rhythm and blues is a stylistic origin.
the genre of aleksandra kovan is soul music and was designed by the active years start year in soul music.
alex day is a food found in new wave musici. synthpop's genre is new wave music.
alfred garth jones was born in england and was born in england.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in solo singer and is the background of alfredo zitarrosa.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in taquirari, taquirari.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the uruguay and died in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the uruguay and died in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the regenre of the solo singer and alfredo zitarrosa.
the associated musical artist of alison o donnell is plastik mak. it is associated band associated musical in bajik.
alison o'donnell has record label floating world records.
voice, bodhran, percusion, autoharp is the genre of alison odnelll which is genred by voice, bodhran, percusion, autoharp.
allen forrest was born in the solo singer and has the background of solo singer.
alternative rock is the genre of alternative rock which is genrew white (musician) which has the alternative rock form.
tab benoit is the associated musical artist of anders osborne which is associated band associated musical in tab benoit.
anders osborne is located in rabadash records in rabadash records.
anders osborne is a record label for shanachie records and is a record label for shanachie records.
andra singer was designed by pop music and was designed by pop music.
rhythm and blues is a singer stylistic origin where rhythm and blues is a singer stylistic origin.
jonathan mendelsohn is the associated musical artist of andrew rayel which is located in jonathan mendelsohn.
jonathan mendelsohn is the associated musical artist of andrew rayel which is located in jonathan mendelsohn.
jwaydan moyine was the associated musical artist of andrew rayel which was associated band armin van buren.
alternative rock is the genre of andrew white (musician) which comes from new wave music.
country music is the genre of the al anderson (nrbq band).
the record label andrew white is polydor records in london.
the kilometreperseconds are the escape velocity of 19255 19255 with the kilometres of the kilometres at 19255 19255.
the minimum temperature for the 410777 2009 fd and the kilometres can be found in the kilometres of apoapsis.
the 41077700000 fd discovers in spacewatch. the discovers are 8823430000.0.
66063 1998 has an escape velocity of 66063 kilometreperseconds.
66391 1999 kw4 has the orbital period of 16244700 and has the orbital period of 16244700.0.
66391 1999 kw4 was rotation period 2004-07-14 and has a rotation period of 2004-07-14.
james craig watson is a peritonitis died in peritonitis.
1036 ganymed's apoapsis can be found in the kilometrese of the kilometreperseconds and is averican.
the discoverers of walter baade was german empire.
the discoverers of 1036 ganymed is germany.
james craig watson is a peritonitis died in peritonitis.
the discoverers of 103 hera is james craig watson and canada.
107 camilla is in nottingham.
1089 tama (formerly called 2005-11-26) was formerly called 2005-11-26.
1089 tama has a temperature in the kilometres of kilometres and has a temperature of 373513000.0 kelvins.
1097 vicia has the epoch to 2006-12-31. it has the epoch 1097 vicia which has the epoch to 2006-12-31.
109 felicitas has a temperature of 52332900.0 kelvins and has a temperature of 52332900.0 kelvins.
109 felicitas has the epoching 2833260000.0 in the periapsis 2833260000.0.
the rotation period of 109 felicitas is 47487.6 and the rotation period called 2006-12-31.
10 hygiea has a temperature of 523951582.3968 kilometres and has a temperature of 523951582.3968 kilometres.
10 hygiea has a former name of 2015-06-27.
110 lydia has 6.7 kilograms and is a member of the 2006-12-31.
110 lydia has 142603000 metres and was originally perod at 142603000.0.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
aida cruises is operated by aida cruises which is operated by aida cruises.
aida cruises is operated by the aida cruises operated by aida cruises.
aidaluna has a top length of 252000.0 millimetres.
the christen of aidastella is 253260.0 millimetres.
alco rs-3 was born in the montreal locomotive works and began in the montreal locomotive works.
alv x-1 has 2 diameters at the 2.524 metres and was diamed by a.524 metres.
the model years of amc matador is kenosha, wisconsin and is the model to amc matador.
the designers of amc matador is richard a. teague which is the location of the amc matador which was designed by richard a. teague.
ara veinticinco de mayo is the length of the ara veinticino de mayo from argentina, ara veinticinco de mayo.
alfa romeo 164 was published in milan and saab 9000.
alfa romeo 164 was written by fiat croma and fiat croma and fiat croma.
alfa romeo 164 was written by lancia thema and assembly as well as lancia thema.
alvis speed 25 is located in coventry, coventry.
the transmission of alvis silent and all syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle are the transmission of alvis silent and all syncromesh, centre change lever.
alvis silent and all syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle are the transmission of alvis silent and all syncromesh, centre change lever, and the spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
the manufacturer of amc matador is american motors, whose manufacturer is the american motor.
the main flight of antares (rocket) is mid atlantic regional spaceport and has the launch site of 2014-01-09.
argentina is led by gabriela michetti and the leader is gabriela michetti.
the launch site of ariane 5 is airbus defence and space.
airbus defence and space has the parent company of airbus defence and space, whose parent company is airbus defence and space, whose parent company is airbus defence and space.
aston martin rham/1 is the related mean of the aston martin rham/1.
aston martin virage is the manufacture of aston martin voraston martin virage.
aston martin dbs is the related mean of the aston martin virage and the aston martin virage.
aston martin virage is the manufacture of aston martin virage which is the manufacture of aston martin virage, aston martin virage.
atlas ii has a final flight of 3.04 metres and was diamed in 1998-03-16.
the launch site of atlas ii is lockheed martin and the launch site is lockheed martin.
the manufacturer of audi audi is audi and the division of audi is audi.
the manufacturer of audi audi is called audi and is the manufacture of audi.
the manufacturer of audi audi is quattro gmbh.
the key person at aidaluna is caterpillar inc.
the vandenberg air force base is the launch site of antares which is the launch site of delta ii.
the aleksey chirikov is the leader of finland where the leader is juha sipila.
the general dynamics electric boat, built in general dynamics, is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat.
the owner of a rosa luna is rolls royce holdings and is owned by mtu friedrichshafen.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
aaron s. daggett was born in maine and was awarded the battle of fredericksburg.
ab klink, who was born in netherlands, was born in netherlands.
the kingdom of sarawak and abdul rahman ya'kub are born in abdul rahman yakkub.
the kingdom of sarawak and barisan ra'ayat jati sarawak are the residence of abdul taib mahmud.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from the chief of the defence staff and was born in nigeria.
the nigerian air force is the branch of abdulsalami abubakar which is the location of abdulsalami abubakar.
the branch of abdulsalami abubakar is nigerian army and the military branch is the nigerian army.
abel caballero, who was born in galicia (spain) was born in galicia.
abel caballero (born in spain) was born in spain and was born in spain.
the united states army is the commander of world war ii and world war ii.
abner w sibal is located in ridgewood, queens and was born in ridgewood, queens.
gulf war is the battle of gulf war and george h. w. bush and commander george h. w. bush.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge and graduated from magdalene college, cambridge.
the polish soviet war was born in the polish soviet war who was born in leon trotsky and commanded by leon trotsky.
the polish soviet war was part of the polish soviet war which was part of the polish soviet war which is part of leon trotsky.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was written by deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and is the birthplace of adonis georgiadis which was written by minister for health.
adonis georgiadis is located in the new democracy greece. the colours of adonis georgiadis is antonis samaras.
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands where agnes kant is a national of the country.
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands where agnes kant is a national of the socialist party (netherlands).
agnes kant was born in west germany and graduated from the radboud university nijmegen and was a west germany.
the active years start date for airey neave is world war ii and was active years start date of world war ii.
airey neave has the active years start date of world war ii and has the active years start date of world war ii.
albert b white was born in 1941 and died in 1941 and died in 1941 and died in 1941.
agnes ward white was born in marietta, ohio where william m. o. dawson is the birthplace of agnes ward white.
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city, new york city, new york city.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in state of new york.
alberto teisaire is located in the buenos aires city legislature and died in horacio rodriguez larreta.
alberto teisaire, who was born in mendoza, argentina, was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfons gorbach, born in austria, died in county of tyrol.
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut and was born in connecticut and was born in connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut who was born in darien, connecticut and was born in darien, connecticut who was born in darien, connecticut.
allan shivers is part of the democratic party of the united states and was wilfred r. cousins and jr. successor.
the active years end date of alvah sabin is burlington, vermont and has the largest city of vermont where the largest city is vermont.
henry clay is the leader of whig party (united states). henry clay is the leader of the united states.
alvah sabin was born in georgia, vermont and was born in georgia, vermont and was born in georgia, vermont.
american civil war was born in abraham lincoln and was born in abraham lincoln and was commanded by abraham lincoln.
the american civil war was part of the american civil war commanded by jefferson davis.
alfons gorbach was born in austria, which is led by doris bures and died in county of tyrol.
alfons gorbach was born in austria, which is led by doris bures and died in austria.
alfons gorbach was published in styria and died in styria.
the american civil war and the american civil war are the battle of salem church.
ab klink is an american who was born in stellendam. the currency is the euro and the currency is the euro.
poland is a national of the kashubians in the country.
19255 19255 are the kilometreperseconds and the kilometreperseconds are the escape velocity of 19255 19255.
the construction of the 4009-fd spacewatch is 8823430000.0 in spacewatch. the discovers are 8823430000.0.
66063 1998 has a temperature in the kilometres of kilometers and has a temperature of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
66391 kilometres is the apoaplitical density of 66391 kilometres and has a grampercubicent of 2.0 kilometres.
1000 piazzia has the epoch to 1000 piazzia which has the orbital period of 35249700 and the period of the 2015-06-27.
1001 gaussia has the former 2015-06-27 and was formerly called the 2015-06-27 in the kilometres.
101 helena has 3.0 kilometres apoapsis in the kilograms of kilograms and has 3.0 kilometres apoapsis.
the university of germany is the alma mater of walter baade which is an american.
the discoverers of 103 hera is james craig watson which is in madison, wisconsin and died in madison, wisconsin.
the discoverers of 103 hera is james craig watson which is in the country.
103 hera has a popular tourist destination in the 2011-08-27 in the kilometres organization.
103 hera has a escape velocity of 437170000 kilometres and has a temperature in the kilometres of kilometres.
the discoverers of 107 camilla is n. r. pogson, who was born in england.
1089 tama was formerly called "a894 tama" which was formerly called a894 va) and tama, which was formerly called the 2005-11-26 and it has 1202.846 days.
1089 tama was published in the kilometresis of 288749000 and has the apoaplis 288749000000.0.
1097 vicia was formerly called 2006-12-31 and was formerly called 2006-12-31.
109 felicitas is originally from 109 felicitas, 7.5 kilograms and is of the orbital period of 139705000.0.
109 felicitas is originally from 109 felicitas, which has the orbital period of 52332900.0 (kilometres) and has the orbital period of 52332900.0 kilometres.
10 hygiea has a period of 523951582.3968 kilometres and has a period 523951582.3968 kilometres.
10 hygiea has a surface made of 16.76 squarekilometres and has a surface made of 16.76 squarekilometres and has a surface made of 16.76 squarekilometres.
10 hygiea has a temperature of 523951582.3968 kilometres and has a temperature of 523951582.3968 kilometres.
110 lydia has 6.7 kilograms and is a periapin of 3770160000.0 kilograms.
110 lydia has the epoapoapsis club the 2006-12-31 and a people of the kilometres.
aaron bertram is genred by the kids imagine nation and is genred by the kids imagine nation and is genred by kids imagine nation.
aaron deer is from the united states and is from the united states.
aaron deer is from the united states and is from the united states.
aaron turner was a twtilight musical artist of greymachine and greymachine and is genremachine.
aaron turner was a twtilight musical artist of greymachine and greymachine.
aaron turner is genred by the ambient musical artist of ambient music.
aaron turner, in electric guitar, was instrumed by electric guitar and was instrumed by electric guitar.
aaron turner, in singing, is the genre of aaron turner.
the associated musical artist of abradab is kaliber 44 and was a member of the kaliber 44 and magik.
the associated musical artist of abradab is kaliber 44 and is the origin of abradab.
hip hop music is a disco from the disco stylistic origin, hip hop music which has funk as its genre.
agustin barboza was born in paraguay, where juan afara is the leader and the leader is juan afara.
al anderson is the genre of the al anderson (nrbq band) which is genred by the nrbq bands.
alan frew is a country music fusion of country music and has country music as its genre.
albennie jones is located in jazz which has the blues fusion genre. the blues is a stylistic origin in jazz.
albennie jones was born in errata, mississippi and was born in errata, mississippi and is designed by rhythm and blues.
aleksandra kovan is genred by the associated musical artist of aleksandra kovan which has the associated band associated musical in bebi dol.
aleksandra kovan is the genre of the aleksandra kovan which has the associated band and pop music.
aleksandra kovan is the associated musical artist of aleksandra kova, which has the associated musical known as known as known as the kristina kovan.
synthpop's stylistic originates from the syntor synthpop where the stylistic originating from the synthpop stylistic origin) is popumusic.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in the united kingdom and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in sidcup and died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones is located in london where the leader is boris johnson and died in london.
the folk music of ireland is the genre of alison odnell which is genred by the folk music of ireland.
alison odonnell is genred by the flibbertigibbet genre and is genred by the flibbertigibbet genre.
the book alison oddonnell is in voice, bodhran, percusion, autoharp and is designed by voice, bodhran, percusion, autoharp.
alison o'donnell is a record label for the static caravan recordings and the record label static caravan recordings.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama, dothan, alabama.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama.
alternative rock is the genre of alternative rock which is genrew white which is genrew white music.
billy iuso is the associated musical artist of anders osborne which is associated with the kirk joseph.
rock music is the record label of anders osborne which is genred by the rabadash records.
the singer of singer, andra (singer) was associated bance pop.
andra is a singer that is associated with the associated musical artist of andra (singer).
andra is a singer derivative of disco where rhythm and blues are both designed by rhythm and blues.
andrew rayel is located in jonathan mendelsohn and trance music.
the genre of andrew rayel is jonathan mendelsohn and trance music.
christian burns is the genre of andrew rayel which is genred by christian burns, which is genred by christian burns.
marry banilow is the record label of andrew white (musician) which is the records label.
ska punk has ska punk as its genre.
albennie jones was born in errata, mississippi and was born in errata, mississippi.
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet and is also known as dodge coronet and is also known as dodge coronet.
american cruise ship is the length of the ship class of a rosa luna which has a ship of 125800.0 millimetres and has the ship class on 2004-01-22.
a rosa luna has a tonnes length of 12580.0 millimetres and has a tonnes length of 12580.0 millimetres.
aida cruises is operated by the aida cruises operated by the aida cruises operated by the aida cruises operated by costa crociere.
the christen of aidastella is 253260.0 millimetres and has the christening date of 253260.0 millimetres.
the american locomotive company building alco rs-3 was built in the american locomotive company.
alco rs-3 was built in the american locomotive company and began in the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company.
alco rs-3 was founded in schenectady, new york and has a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
alv x-1 was published in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the capital of the united states is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alv x-1 was diamed by a total launches of 1.524 metres and is diamed by a total launches of 1.524 metres.
the abarth 1000 gt coupe was produced in 1958 and has the straight four engine as its production end year.
abarth 1000 gt coupe was written by two door coupe and has a wheel that is 1.55 millimetres.
aleksey chirikov is the building of the aleksey chirikov which began in helsinki and has the builder of the arctech helsinki shipyard.
alfa romeo 164 was published in italy where rome is the capital and rome is the capital and rome is the capital.
the capital of italy is rome and the capital is rome and the capital is rome.
alfa romeo 164 was produced in the arese assembly and is a transportation of alfa romeo 164.
alfa romeo 164 was part of the saab 9000 and is a transportation of alfa romeo 164.
alhambra has the ship lanch of 63800 millimetres and has the ship lanch of 63800.0 millimetres.
the ship lanch of alhambra is wrecked and the ship launch is 1855-05-31.
alvis speed 25 was founded in petrol.
the manufacturer of amc matador is american motors, whose key people are american motors, whose key people are american motors.
the manufacturer of antares (rocket) is located in delta ii in the united states.
the manufacturer of antares (rocket) is medium expendable launch and the launch sitem is medium expendable launch.
the manufacturer of ariane 5 is guiana space centre and is the manufacture of ariane 5.
aston martin dbs is the related mean of transportation aston martin v8 which is a transportation where the aston martin dbs is the related mean of transportation.
aston martin dbs is the related mean of transportation aston martin vus which is a transportation called aston martin dbs. aston martin dbs is the related mean of transportation.
the vandenberg air force station is the launch site of atlas ii which is in the united states. the launch site is the cape canaveral air force station.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the launch site of atlas ii is the cape canaveral air force station and the launch site is the spaceport florida launch complex 36.
the audi an audi brussels is the assembly of the audi brussels and has the audi brussels as well as the audi brussels.
the volkswagen polo is the manufacture of audi an which is the related mean of transportation audi.
the caterpillar inc of california is the location of caterpillar inc.
aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna which is owned by the aida cruises and is owned by aida cruises.
the owner of aidastella is aida cruises and is owned by the aida cruises and is owned by aida cruises.
delta ii is located in the united states and completed in the united states.
the guiana space centre was headquartered in french guiana, in the site of guiana space centre, whose launch is the guiana space centre.
guiana space centre is located in kourou, french guiana and is located in kourou, french guiana and is located in kourou, french guiana space centre.
the location of the building of a rosa luna in germany is germany.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen and plays for sv werder bremen.
aaron hunt is attached to the club vfl werder bremen ii and plays for sv werder bremen ii.
abel hernandez is a member of the u.s. citt di palermo and plays for u.s. city a.f.c.
abel hernandez is a member of the u.s. citt di palermo and plays for u.s. citt, di palermo and plays for u.s. citt di palermo.
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and plays for az alkmaar.
akem adams is part of the united petrotrin fc and plays for the united petrotrin f.c. and plays for the united petrotrin fc.
the los angeles rams is the raft round of akem ayers which has 39 formers and was formerly known as akem ayers.
st. louis rams is the raft round of akem ayers which has 39 formers and was formerly known as st louis rams.
akem dent was born in atlanta, georgia. he was born in atlanta, georgia.
alaa abdul zahra is in the shabab al-ordon club and is the birthplace of alaa abdul zahra who plays for the iraq national under.
alaa abdul zahra is in the alaa abdul ordon club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc.
alan martin (footballer) was born on 1989-01-01 and club was hamilton academical f.c.
alan martin (footballer) plays for the accrington stanley fc and plays for accrington stanley fc.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born in tampere, finland and was born in tampere, finland.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born in tampere, finland and was born in tampere, finland.
aleksandr chumakov is located in russia where the leader is vladimir putin and died in soviet union.
aleksandr prudnikov is in the fc alania vladikavkaz club and plays for fc alania vladikavkaz.
aleksandr prudnikov is in the russia national football b team and fc tom tomsk.
the ground of aleksandre guruli is azal pfk.
aleksandre guruli is in the parc olympique lyonnais and plays for us lesquin.
alessio romagnoli has been the manager of a c milan and plays for the italian national under.
alessio romagnoli has been manager of ac milan and plays for u.c. sampdoria.
alessio romagnoli plays for the italy national under and daniele zoratto and daniele zoratto.
alessio romagnoli plays for u.c. sampdoria. he also plays for u.c. sampdoria.
alex plante, who was born in brandon, manitoba, has been born in brandon, manitoba and has been born in brandon, manitoba and has been born in brandon, manitoba.
alex plante, who was born in canada was born in canada.
alex tyus plays for the euroleague club and plays for the euroleague club.
alex tyus is a player in the turkish basketball super league and plays for turkish basketball super league.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc tom tomsk and fc tom tomsk.
aleksandr prudnikov is a player in fc andr prudnikov, fc spartak moscow who plays for fc anzhi makhachkala.
aleksandr chumakov is managed by valery petrakov and played for 2014-15 season in the russian premier league in 2014-15.
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team and plays for the uruguay olympic football team.
aleksandr chumakov is in the sergey sobyanin born in russia and died in moscow.
abner is a member of the real madrid castilla and plays for real madrid castilla.
the manager of the real madrid castilla is abner (footballer) who plays for the real madrid castilla.
st. louis was born in st louis who was born in st louis who was born in st. louis.
tennessee titans is the location of the tennessee titans and tennessee titans.
akem adams is part of the united petrotrin fc and plays for the united petrotrin fc.
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen in the 3 liga league. the hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii.
abel hernandez is a member of the club central espanol and manages the hull city a.f.c. and plays for the club central espanol.
abel hernandez is a member of the u.s. citt di palermo and has been the manager of abel hernandez.
abel hernandez is in the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the us and plays for u.s. citt di palermo.
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island and was born in prince edward island.
the general manager of boston bruins is columbus, ohio and one of the general manages for boston bruins, whose general manager is boston bruins.
tennessee titans and tennessee titans are the birth date of akem ayers which was formerly known as st louis rams.
akem dent was born in atlanta, georgia and was born in atlanta, georgia.
akem dent was born in atlanta, georgia and was born in atlanta, georgia.
al kharaitiyat sc is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc and is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc and plays for al kharaitiyat sc.
alaa abdul zahra is managed by the iraq national under and is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc and is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc.
alaa abdul zahra is managed by alaa abdul zahra which is in the alaa abdul ordon club and manages al khor club.
alan martin footballer plays for 185.42 centimetres and was born on 1989-01-01.
alan martin (footballer) plays for 185.42 centimetres and was born on 1989-01-01.
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc dynamo moscow club and has a height of 185.0 centimetres.
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc rubin kazan and fc spartak moscow.
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and has a height of 178.0 centimetres and has been born in batumi and has a height of 178.0 centimetres.
alex plante, who was born in canada was born in canada and became a member of the club 1989.
alex plante, who was born in canada was born in canada.
the leader of canada is elizabeth ii and the leader of canada is elizabeth ii and the leader is elizabeth ii.
the asian canadians are an ethnic group in canada, where the asian canadians are an ethnic group and the asian canadians are an ethnic group.
the leader of canada is elizabeth ii and the leader of canada is elizabeth ii and the leader of canada is elizabeth ii.
fc kuban krasnodar is the manager of aleksandr prudnikov who plays for fc kuban krasnodar.
aleksandr tukmanov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played for 2014-15 season in the russian premier league.
houston texans is the location of the houston texans which is in houston, texas.
abel hernandez is the manager of abel hernandez who plays for uruguayan primera division. hull city a.f.c. is the manager of abel hernandez.
19255 19255 is the period of the kilometres of the kilometers of the kilometres at 19255 19255.
66063 1998 has the escape velocity of 66063 and has the escape velocity of 254989570.
66063 1998 has a temperature of 265.0 kelvins and has a temperature in 254989570.
1000 piazzia is originally from the kilometreperseconds and has the escape velocity of 488160.0.
1001 gaussia, which was formerly called the 2015-06-27, was covered by sergey belyavsy and has the former 2015-06-27.
allan sandage is the doctoral student of walter baade which was designed by the university of gottingen and was designed by allan sandage and german empire.
the doctoral student of walter baade was preunisch oldendorf and graduated from the university of gottingen and was designed by the university of gottingen.
walter baade was designed by the university of gottingen and died in walter baade which has the doctoral student of "university of gottingen.
james craig watson, whose alma mater is james craig watson is madison, wisconsin. he died in madison, wisconsin.
the discoverers of 103 hera is james craig watson which is a madison who died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson is from the james craig watson which has died in canada and died in canada and died in canada.
107 camilla is located in chennai and died in chennai.
the discoverers of 107 camilla is n. r. pogson, who died in chennai and died in chennai.
1089 tama which was formerly called a894 tama, which was formerly called a894 tama, which was formerly called a894 tama, which was formerly called the 288749000000.0.
1089 tama has the escape velocity of 373513000.0 kilometres and has the escape velocity of 373513000.0 kilometres and has the escape velocity of 373513000.0 kilometres.
1097 vicia has the orbital period of 9.8 kilograms and has the orbital period of 9.8 kilograms. 1097 vicia has the orbital period of 9.8 kilograms.
109 felicitas is originally from the kilometreperseconds and has the escape velocity of 283326000.0.
10 hygiea, which has a former name of the 2015-06-27, was formerly called "10 hygiea" which has the former 2015-06-27.
1101 clematis has the escape velocity of 52090600.0 kilometres and has the escape velocity of 52090600.0 kilometres.
1101 clematis which was formerly called 2006-12-31, was formerly known as 1101 clematis which was formerly called 2006-12-31.
1101 clematis has the escape velocity of 445895000 and has the escape velocity of 445895000.0.
1955 dodge has a transmission of a transmission which has a transmission of a transmission which has a transmission of a transmission which has a transmission of a transmission which has a transmission of a transmission which has a transmission of a transmission.
desoto custom, whose manufacturer is desoto firedome, is the manufacture of the desoto custom and the desoto firedome and desoto firedome.
the owner of aidastella is aida cruises which is owned by the costa crociere and is owned by the costa crociere.
the owner of aidastella is aida cruises and has the building of the costa crociere and has the building of the costa crociere.
the american locomotive company building alco rs-3 was built in the american locomotive company and began in the american locomotive company.
alco rs-3 was bound in the american locomotive company and began in the american locomotive company and began in the american locomotive company length of 17068.8 millimetres.
the american locomotive company of schenectady, new york is the location of the american locomotive company in schenectady, new york.
alco rs-3 was born in the montreal locomotive works and began in the montreal locomotive works and began in the montreal locomotive works.
the montreal locomotive works began in the montreal locomotive works and began in the montreal locomotive works and the montreal locomotive works.
the american motors matador is also known as amc matador which is also the location of the american motors matador and the american motors matador.
the alternative name for amc matador is kenosha, wisconsin and is the alternative name for amc matador which has the alternative name of mid size car.
acura tlx is a popular tourist destination in the class marysville, ohio and is the location of the classembly of marysville, ohio.
acura tlx is a popular tourist destination in the class of marysville auto plant and the layout of which is v6 engine.
the aleksey chirikov is the building of the aleksey chirikov which began in finland and began in the arctech helsinki shipyard.
the aleksey chirikov is the leader of finland where the leader is juha sipila and began in helsinki where the leader is juha sipila.
aleksey chirikov is the building of the aleksey chirikov which belongs to the 21.2 status in helsinki and began in helsinki.
the straight four engine is the related mean of transportation alfa romeo 164 which is located in italy and saab 9000.
alfa romeo 164 was published in italy and was a transportation of v6 engine and was a transportation of v6 engine.
alhambra has wrecked as a length of 63800.0 millimeters and has the ship lanch of 63800.0 millimetres.
alvis car and engineering company is the manufacture of the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in the rover company of coventry.
alvis car and engineering company is the manufacture of the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in the straight six engineering company, which was founded in the straight six engineering company.
american motors, whose key people are key by american motors, was designed by roy d chapin and the american motors.
the general dynamics electric boat was the builder of the general dynamics electric boat and the general dynamics electric boat.
the american submarine nr-1 which has a length of 45000.0 (millimetres) has a length of 45000.0 millimeters) and has a length of 45000.0 millimetres. he served as a test of american submarine nr-1 on 1969-01-25.
the main flight of antares (rocket) is made from mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0.
the main flight of antares (rocket) is made from mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and the launch site is 2013-09-18.
aston martin virage is the manufacture of aston martin virage which is located in the united kingdom where the capital city is london.
aston martin rham/1 is the transportation of aston martin v8 which is a transportation called aston martin rham/1.
aston martin virage is the manufacture of aston martin virage which is the manufacture of aston martin virage which is located at aston martin virage, aston martin and has a transportation called aston martin virage.
atlas ii is diamed by the vandenberg air force station and is diamed by the vandenberg air force station. the launch site is the cape canaveral air force station.
the audi an audi brussels is the layout of the audi and which is located in the class of supermini.
audi is the manufacture of audi which is the location of the manufacturer of audi which is the location of the manufacturer of audi which is audi.
aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna which is owned by the aida cruises and founded in california.
the owner of aidastella is aida cruises and is owned by the aida cruises and is owned by the aida cruises and is owned by the costa crociere.
the launch site of antares, delta ii is cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station.
the launch site of delta ii is cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station is the launch site of delta ii.
alfa romeo 164 was published in italy and has a transportation called sedan (automobile) and automobile is a transportation.
alfa romeo 164 was published in milan and was a transportation of the sedan automobile.
general dynamics electric boat is located in groton, connecticut and is the parent company of groton, connecticut.
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich and the leader of the country is stanislaw tillich.
the capital of the united states is washington d.c. and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
aaron bertram is genred by the kids imagine nation and ska punk.
aaron deer is a dish from indiana and is from indiana.
aaron turner is a citizent of the electroacoustic musical artist of electroacoustic music. the band is the genre of aaron turner.
aaron turner was started in 1995 and has the active years started with old man gloom.
aaron turner, in the electric guitar, was instrumed by electric guitar and was instrumed by electric guitar.
ace wilder was born on the 23rd of july, 1982 and was born on 23rd july 1982.
ace wilder was born in solo singer and was born on 23rd july 1982 and was born on 23rd july 1982.
ace wilder was born in songwriter, ace wilder, who was born in songwriter and was born in songwriter, in 1982.
ace wilder was born in songwriter, ace wilder who was born in songwriter, in 1982 and was born in songwriter.
ahmet ertegun is of the origin of ahmet ertegun which is of the origin of ahmet ertegun which is of the origins of ahmet ertegun.
ahmet ertegun comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
the active years end year of albennie jones are rhythm and blues which has the derivative of rhythm and blues and is located in the country of disco.
albennie jones is a dish from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
aleksandra kovan was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade.
aleksandra kovan was born in rhythm and blues and was born in rhythm and blues and was born in rhythm and blues and was born in rhythm and blues and was born in rhythm and blues.
alex day was a chameleon chameleon circuited musical artist of chameleon circuit (band) and chameleon circuited musical band) and is genred by chameleon circuit.
alex day was a student at the electronic music and is genred by chameleon circuit (band) and is genred by chameleon circuit.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the urguay and died in montevideo, where the leader is daniel martinez politician.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the uruguay and was born in the record label alfredo zitarrosa which is genred by alfredo zitarrosa.
alison o'donnell is located in bajik and is genred by the flibbertigibbet genre.
alison osdonnell was a student at the head south by weaving and is genred by the alison odonnell which is genred by the alison o'donnell.
alison o'donnell is located in london and is located in london and is located in london.
alison o'donnell is located in london and has the record label of london.
allen forrest was born in the acoustic music from the acoustic music from the acoustic music from the acoustic music and was born in the acoustic music.
allen forrest was born in fort campell, ky, raised in dothan, al and was born in fort campell, ky, raised in dothan, al. he was born in fort campell, ky, raised in dothan, al. he was born in fort campell, ky, raised in dothan, al. it was born in fort campell, ky, raised in dothan, al.
alternative rock is the genre of alternative rock which is genrew white (musician) which has the alternative rock fusion genre.
billy iuso is the genre of anders osborne which is genred by the billy iuso and is the genre of anders osborne.
alligator records is the record label of anders osborne which is located in blues.
andra singer was born in romania and was born in romania and singer.
rhythm and blues is a disco from the disco stylistic origin and is designed by rhythm and blues.
the active years start year in andrew rayel is jonathan mendelsohn and trance music is the location of andrew rayel.
the associated musical artist of andrew rayel is christian burns and trance music is the location of andrew rayel.
marry banilow is the genre of the andrew white (musician) which is genred by the kaiser chiefs.
marry banilow is the record label of andrew white (musician) which has the active years start year in the kaiser chiefs.
agustin barboza died in paraguay where the leader is juan afara and died in paraguay.
the al anderson (nrbq band)'s instrument is banjo and is the location of the al anderson (nrbq band).
hip hop music is the location of hip hop music which is located in the disco stylistic origin which has funk as its genre.
alfred garth jones was born in england and was born in england and was born in england.
the aaron turner was instrumed by house of low culture in the twilight of low culture.
aaron turner, in electric guitar, was instrumed by electric guitar and was instrumed by electric guitar.
rhythm and blues was born in the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
aaron s. daggett was born in maine and was awarded the american civil war and died in west roxbury.
aaron s. daggett was born in maine and died in the purple heart and died in west roxbury.
the ministry of mbas is the alma mater of ab klink which is affiliated with the erasmus university rotterdam and is affiliated with the erasmus university rotterdam.
abdul taib mahmud is located in the region of asajaya and is a resident of the abdul taib mahmud in the region of asajaya.
the kingdom of sarawak is the residence of the abdul taib mahmud which is located in asajaya and sarawak.
the japanese occupation of british borneo is the residence of abdul taib mahmud which has the residence of japanese occupation of british borneo and japanese occupation of british borneo.
the japanese occupation of british borneo resides in adenan satem where abdul taib mahmud is located in sarawak.
mike akhigbe is the predecesor of the abdulsalami abubakar which is the location of the abdulsalami abubakar which is predeces of the branch abdulsalami abubakar.
abdulsalami abubakar was predeces of the al-amin daggash and the military branch and the nigerian air force.
abel caballero was born in galicia (spain) who was born in galicia (spain) who was born in galicia.
abel caballero (born in spain) was born in spain and was born in spain.
abraham ribicoff is an american national who was born in new britain, connecticut, usa. native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge and he graduated from magdalene college, cambridge.
the polish soviet war was published in the polish language and the commander was joseph stalin and the polish language is spoken.
the polish soviet war was published in new york city and died in joseph stalin and died in joseph stalin.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and is the birthplace of adonis georgiadis which was written by the vice president of new democracy.
the ministry of economy development and tourism is the birthplace of adonis georgiadis which was written by makis voridis.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was born in greece and was born in greece and was born in greece.
the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands and the currency is the euro and the currency is the euro.
agnes kant is a national of the socialist party (netherlands). the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands where the nationality is netherlands.
the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands where the leader is emile roemer and the leader is emile roemer.
agnes kant is a red in the socialist party (netherlands). the colours of agnes kant is netherlands. the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands.
the battle of france was the birthplace of airey neave, who was born in knightsbridge, london and was actually born on the 30th of january 1979.
the battle of france is the birthplace of airey neave, who was born in knightsbridge, london and was actually born on the 30th of january 1979.
the commander of world war ii is "world war ii and chiang kai-shek.
albert b. white was born in parkersburg, west virginia and died in parkersburg, west virginia and died in parkersburg, west virginia and died in cleveland.
albert b white was born in cleveland on the 1901-03-04 and was active years start date william m. o. dawson.
abbert jennings fountain is the location of the american civil war which was commanded by abraham lincoln.
american civil war was born in new york city, new york city, new york city and died in jefferson davis.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york in the united states and died in state of new york.
alberto teisaire is located in the juan peron and died in horacio rodriguez larreta.
alberto teisaire, who was born in mendoza, argentina, was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville, north carolina and was born in reidsville, north carolina.
alfred n phillips was born in the member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticut's worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at wor
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut and was born in connecticut and was born in connecticut and was born in connecticut and was born in connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut and was born in darien, connecticut and was born in darien, connecticut and was born in darien, connecticut.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas and is a part of the democratic party of lufkin, texas.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas. he was born in lufkin, texas and such as the governor of texas.
the secretary of state of vermont is the largest city in vermont where alvah sabin is a traditional district in vermont where the largest city is vermont.
alvah sabin is a dish from the united states where daniel webster is the leader and the largest city is vermont.
the american civil war was awarded the american civil war who was awarded the american civil war, who was awarded the american civil war commanded by robert e. lee.
argentina is the nationality of alberto teisaire which is the language spoken in argentina, where the spanish language is spoken.
alberto teisaire, whose birth place is mendoza, argentina, was born in mendoza, argentina and was in office while president of mendoza, argentina.
aida cruises is operated by the carnival corporation a plc and is owned by the costa crociere which was operated by the carnival corporation a plc.
the operator of aidastella is 38.892 and spent 38.892 millimetres.
alco rs-3 was boun in the american locomotive company and began in the american locomotive company and began in the american locomotive company length of 17068.8 millimetres.
alco rs-3 was boun in the american locomotive company and began in the american locomotive company and began in the american locomotive company length of 17068.8 millimetres.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the american motors matador is also known as amc matador, whose alternative name is thames, new zealand. the american motors matador is the alternative name for amc matador which is the body of amc matador.
alhambra is located in humphry, tennant and dykes and samuda brothers and samuda brothers.
the american motors was designed by roy d chapin and the american motors, whose key people are wheel horse and is the home of the american motors.
american submarine nr-1 was published in 1969 and has a length of 45000.0 (millimetres) and has a length of 45000.0 (millimetres).
the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 is the launch site of antares where the mid atlantic regional spaceport is the launch site of the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0.
the main flight of antares (rocket) is 3.9 metres and was diamen flight on 3.9 metres and was diamen flight on 3.9 metres maiden flight.
the main flight of antares (rocket) is 3.9 metres and was diamen flight on 3.9 metres and is diamen flight on 3.9 metres and a rocket maiden flight with the design office.
ariane 5 is diamen flight in the guiana space centre and was diamen flight on 2009-12-18 and is diamen flight on 2009-12-18.
ariane 5 is operated by the guiana space centre and is operated by the guiana space centre and is operated by the guiana space centre.
aston martin dbs is the manufacture of aston martin dbs which is the manufacture of aston martin vantage and is the manufacture of aston martin vantage. aston martin dbs is the manufacture of aston martin dbs.
aston martin rham/1 is the related mean of transportation aston martin v8 which is a transportation called aston martin rham/1 and the aston martin rham/1.
aston martin virage is the manufacture of aston martin virage which is the location of aston martin virage which is lead by elizabeth ii and asson martin virage. aston martin dbs is the leader of the united kingdom.
audi a1 is located in the class of supermini and has a supermini dish assembly as in brussels, belgium. it was previously won by the front-engine front wheel drive layout.
the manufacturer of audi is audi and audi is audi in lamborghini and subsidiary.
aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna which is owned by the aida cruises and founded in california.
aida cruises is located in the united states and was founded in the united states and was founded in the united states.
aida cruises is the key person for aidaluna which is owned by the aida cruises and is owned by the aida cruises and the caterpillar inc.
aidastella is owned by the costa crociere which was operated by the carnival corporation a plc and is owned by the costa crociere and is owned by the costa crociere.
the aleksey chirikov is the leader of finland where the sami languages are leaders. the country is the location of the aleksey chirikov which belongs to the arctech helsinki shipyard.
the capital of germany is berlin and the capital city is berlin. the leader of germany is joachim gauck.
the leader of germany is andreas vokkuhle and the capital city is berlin and the leader is andreas vokkuhle.
atlas ii is a dish from the united states where the capital city is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
abel hernandez is a member of the uruguayan segunda division and plays for uruguayan segunda division and is the manager of abel hernandez.
aleksandr chumakov is in the valentina matviyenko club and plays for valentina matviyenko and has been the manager of fc torpedo moscow.
aleksandre guruli plays for the parc olympique lyonnais and is the home ground of aleksandre guruli which is in the parc olympique lyonnais and is the home ground of aleksandre guruli.
alessio romagnoli plays for u.c. sampdoria and is the manager of a c milan and plays for u.c. sampdoria.
the manager of a.c. milan is silvio berlusconi and is the manager of a c milan and plays for u.c. sampdoria.
abel hernandez is a member of the uruguay national football team and plays for uruguay national football team and plays for uruguay national football team.
the ground of aleksandr prudnikov is managed by aleksandr prudnikov who plays for both fc amkar perm and plays for sergey rodionov.
aleksandr prudnikov is in the rashid rakhimov club and is the manager of fc spartak moscow who plays for sergey rodionov.
aleksandr prudnikov is in the rashid rakhimov club and plays for fc dynamo moscow and fc dynamo moscow.
aleksandr chumakov is a member of the 2014–15 russian premier league and has been the manager of fc torpedo moscow and played for 2014-15 season in the russian premier league.
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is united petrotrin fc who plays for thomas doll and has been manager of akem adams.
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and plays for thomas doll and plays for thomas doll.
19255 19255 is the period of the kilograms or 19255 19255 and has a period of 5.6 kilograms.
the discoverers of 101 helena is james craig watson which has the alma mater of university of michigan. he graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson was designed by james craig watson which is located in madison, wisconsin and graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison, wisconsin.
allan sandage is the doctoral student of walter baade which was designed by the university of gottingen and was designed by allan sandage and german empire.
allan sandage is the doctoral student of walter baade which was designed by allan sandage and is doctoral student and was designed by allan sandage and german empire.
allan sandage is the doctoral student of walter baade which was designed by the university of gottingen and was designed by allan sandage and german empire.
the discoverers of 103 hera is james craig watson which has the alma mater of university of michigan. he graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison, wisconsin.
the university of michigan is the alma mater of the james craig watson which is a madison who died in madison, wisconsin. he graduated from the university of michigan and died in canada.
107 camilla is in the kilometres of the kilometres or 107 camilla which has the orbital period of 2368.05 kilometres.
107 camilla has an epoch 10793000.0 kilometres and was discovers 107 camilla.
107 camilla is in the kilometres of the kilometres period and has the apoaplis called 107 camilla.
the absolute magnitude of 107 camilla is n. r. pogson, who was born in england and died in chennai.
1089 tama, which was formerly called "1089 tama's former name is 0.0068 (kilometres), was formerly called "1089 tama" which was formerly called "1089 tama" which was formerly called 0.0068 kilometres.
1101 clematis has the escape velocity of 52090600.0 kilograms and has the escape velocity of 52090600.0 kilograms. it has an escape velocity of 5.02 kilometres.
11264 claudiomaccone has 173.0 kelvins apoapsis and has a temperature in 296521000.0 kelvins.
abdul taib mahmud is located in the region of asajaya and is a resident of the abdul taib mahmud which has the residence of the asajaya reside.
the university of adelaide is the alma mater of abdul taib mahmud which is located at the university of adelaide and graduated from the university of adelaide in the kingdom of sarawak.
mike akhigbe is the location of the abdulsalami abubakar which was prededed by the nigerian navy and the military branch.
the branch of abdulsalami abubakar is oladipo diyar, which was prededed by the nigerian army and is the location of abdulsalami abubakar which was prededed by the nigerian army.
abraham ribicoff is an american who was born in the united states and died in connecticut.
the united states secretary of health, education, and welfare is the location of abraham ribicoff who was born in new york city, united states and died in connecticut.
abraham ribicoff was born in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group. abraham ribicoff was born in the united states, where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge and grenadier guards are the alma mater.
adam holloway, who was born in magdalene college, cambridge, was born in magdalene college, cambridge and has the active party (uk).
adonis georgiadis (born in greece) was a member of the konstantinos mitsotakis and in office while prime mitsotakis.
the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands where the leader is emile roemer and the leader is emile roemer.
the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands where the leader is mark rutte and the leader is mark rutte.
the nationality of agnes kant is netherland where the leader is emile roemer and the leader is emile roemer.
albert b white was born in parkersburg, west virginia and died in parkersburg, west virginia and died in parkersburg, west virginia and died in parkersburg, west virginia.
albert b white was born in parkersburg, west virginia and died in parkersburg, west virginia and died in parkersburg, west virginia and died in cleveland.
albert b white, who was born in cleveland, was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland.
albert b white was born in cleveland on the 1901-03-04 and was active years start date william m. o. dawson.
the leader of the alberto teisaire is juan peron, whose leader is called horacio rodriguez larreta. the leader of the country is juan peron.
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina and was born in mendoza, argentina and was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in styria. he died in styria.
alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in imst and died in styria.
alvah sabin is a dish from the region of sycamore, illinois, where the largest city is vermont and has the active years end date of vermont.
alvah sabin was born in burlington, vermont and died in sycamore, illinois and died in sycamore, illinois.
the american civil war was published in the united states where the american civil war was published in the united states.
the american civil war was published in the united states where the american civil war was published in the united states.
alberto teisaire is located in argentina, where the labour party is the national language.
aaron bertram is genred by the kids imagine nation and ska punk. the band member of the aaron bertram is kids imagine nation.
aaron deer is from the united states and is of the origin of aaron deer, which is of the origin of aaron deer.
the united states is the genre of aaron turner which was written by lotus eaters and was associated band in 1995.
aaron turner was a twilight of the massachusetts originates from the rigin of massachusetts and was associated band associated musical sludge metal.
the birth place of abradab is kaliber 44 and the born on november 12th, 1978 in the kaliber 44 and magik.
ace wilder was born on 23rd july 1982 in singing and was born on 23rd july 1982.
solo singer is the birth date of ace wilder who was born on the 23rd of july, 1982 and was born on 23rd july 1982.
hip hop music is the location of hip hop music which is located in the country of disco, where the genre of the stylistic origin is gangsta rap.
hip hop music is a disco from the disco stylistic origin and is designed by hip hop music which is located in the country of disco.
the al anderson (nrbq band) was born in the windsor, connecticut and is the location of the al anderson (nrbq band) who was born in nrbq.
the al anderson (nrbq band) comes from the country of guitar and is the location of the al anderson (nrbq band).
alan frew was born in newmarket, ontario, in the origin of the solo singer origin of musician.
the socialist republic of serbia is the birthplace of aleksandra kovan which is genred by the socialist republic of serbia.
aleksandra kovan was a student at the kornelije kovan and has the active years start year in the kornelije kovan which was associated band blues.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in sidcup and died in london where the leader is boris johnson.
alfred garth jones was born in sidcup and died in london which is lead by the european parliament.
the folk music of ireland is the record label of alison o donnell which is genred by the folk music of ireland. it is genred by the folk music of ireland.
alison o'donnell is located in london and the record label stanyan records and is located in london.
jazz is the location of the alison oddonnell which is found in the country of funk and is designed by the autoharp stylistic origin.
the music fusion genre of alison o donnell is the blues and is the location of alison odonnelll which is found in the country.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama, acoustic music.
the voice of the wetlands all stars was the associated musical artist of anders osborne which is genred by the voice of the wetlands all stars.
the associated musical artist of anders osborne is galactic and was associated band associated musical in blues.
andra (singer, singer, reality television judge, was born in singer, reality television judge.
andra singer was born in romania and was born in romania.
andrew rayel was associated band alexandre bergheau, jonathan mendelsohn, christian burns, jwaydan, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, alexander popov, jano, a
andrew rayel was born in trance music and was a chrsinau, moldova and trance music as its genre.
andrew rayel was born in bobina and was a student at the jwaydan moyine and born in bobina.
the associated musical artist of andrew rayel is john digweed and trance music is the location of andrew rayel.
marry banilow is the record label of andrew white (musician) which has the record label marry banilow.
hip hop music is a disco from the disco stylistic origin, who was born in the disco stylistic origin.
hip hop music is the stylistic origin of the hip hop music which is located in the disco stylistic origin. hip hop music was born in disco.
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of manchester which is lead by the parliament of the united kingdom. the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of manchester.
one of the ethnic groups in the country are the spanish language and the spanish language is spoken in the country.
andrew white is the record label of andrew white (musician) which has the record label numetal.
andrew white is the record label of andrew white (musician) which is located in london. the musician fusion genre is the universal records.
the stylistic fusion of the al anderson (nrbq band) is found in guitar and is the location of the blues.
rock music is from the country music which is in country music which is in country music.
twilight musical fusion genre black metal, which was instrumed in electric guitar, was designed by the associated band and deploy death metal.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the uruguay where the leader is rall fernando sendic rodriguez and died in montevideo, where the leader is rall fernando sendic rodriguez.
