abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is 18l/36r.
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct.
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
the runway length of al-taqaddum air base is 3684.0.
the runway name of alderney airport is 14/32.
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12.
18 is the number of the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol.
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt.
amsterdam airport schiphol's runway name is 06/24 kaagbaan.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport owner is andrews county, texas.
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896.0.
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt.
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439.0.
the runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is 518.0.
utaa is the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport.
11/29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority.
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13/31.
dutch is the language spoken in belgium.
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil.
danes is the prime minister of denmark.
fallujah is in iraq.
greenville, wisconsin is in the united states.
greenville, wisconsin is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq.
madrid is in spain.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the u.s.
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq.
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey region.
houston is the largest city in texas.
the united states air force was bombing of libya in 1986.
the boeing c-17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
carrol county maryland is southeast of adams county.
azerbaijan's leader is artur rasizade.
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the title of the leader of azerbaijan.
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
250 delaware avenue is in the architectural style of postmodern architecture.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler.
the 320 south boston building was started in 1910.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms.
james pain and george richard pain is the architect of adare manor.
adisham hall is located in haputale.
the akita museum of art is located in japan.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall.
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road.
the reference number in the national register of historic places of asher and mary isabelle richardson house is 88002539.
julia morgan was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference.
the architecture of asilomar conference grounds are the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows.
asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city.
buffalo new york is part of erie county, new york.
byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
county limerick is part of munster.
críona ní dhálaigh is the leader of dublin.
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia.
indian people are from india.
the los angeles herald examiner building is los angeles herald examiner building.
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills, california.
manhattan is part of new york.
new york city is part of new netherland.
pacific grove, california is part of california.
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
1634: the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion.
1634: the ram rebellion is available in print.
the aids journal is from the united kingdom.
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
a long long way was written in english.
diane duane authored a wizard of mars.
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025-5858.
garth nix is the author of above the veil.
above the veil is available in print.
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567-7920.
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978.
addiction (journal) has the academic discipline of addiction.
aenir is written in english.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english.
the american journal of mathematics discipline is mathematics.
the novel language of castle is english.
eric flint was born in burbank california.
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
a glastonbury romance is the notable work of john cowper powys.
soho press is in the united states.
faber and faber is the publisher of the secret scripture.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
english is the language of the united states.
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to weymouth sands.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
a.d. isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division.
the full name of a.f.c. blackpool is "association football club blackpool".
the mechanics ground is in the mechanics.
a.f.c. blackpool have a ground in blackpool.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
aek athens f.c.'s ground is in athens.
aek athens fc played the 2014-15 season in the football league.
azal arena is located in baku.
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014-15.
akron, ohio is located in the united states.
akron, ohio is located in summit county, ohio.
the full name of akron summit assault are akron metro futbol club summit assault.
amsterdam's leader is eberhard van der laan.
christian panucci plays for chelsea f.c.
christian panucci plays for inter milan.
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona.
gubbio is located in the region of umbria.
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy.
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig.
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for fc dallas.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b.c.
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
peter stoger plays for 1. fc koln.
rolando maran plays for f.c. bari 1908.
jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is in the united states.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba.
b.m. reddy is the president of acharya institute of technology.
to the northwest of kerala is mahe, india.
meride is the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio.
bucharest is the capital of romania.
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16,000 students.
alan bean is a united states national.
buzz aldrin is a backup pilot of apollo 8.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963.
california gemstone is benitoite.
elliot see died in 1966.
elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see is dead.
april o'neal was created by kevin eastman.
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc.
ben urich's full name is benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
bo bibbowski was full name bibbo bibbowski.
bill oddie was born in lancashire.
jon valor is the alternative name for black pirate.
john buscema won the eisner award.
the nationality of karl kesel is american.
marv wolfman won the kirby award.
the nationality of peter laird is united states.
scott adsit was born in northbrook, illinois.
the area codes for albany, georgia is 229.
albany is part of the united states.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is the mayor.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is new mexico.
the total area of amarillo, texas is 233.9 square kilometres.
amarillo is part of randall county, texas.
anderson is part of richland township, madison county, indiana.
angola, indiana is 324.0 above sea level.
the area codes for antioch, california is 925.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california.
arlington, texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed.
atlantic city, new jersey, has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
attica, indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama.
the total area of auburn, washington is 77.41 square kilometres.
austin is part of texas.
the spanish language is spoken in california.
dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county, georgia.
fulton county, georgia is in the united states.
anderson is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
michigan is in the united states.
detroit is the largest city in michigan.
orange county, california is in the united states.
portland oregon is the largest city in oregon.
fort worth, texas is the largest city in tarrant county, texas.
barack obama is the leader of the united states.
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol.
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre.
arros negre comes from the catalonia region.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community.
ayam penyet is from the singapore region.
tomato is an ingredient in the blt.
baked alaska comes from hong kong.
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombia.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region.
barny cakes have 30 grams of served.
batagor is a variation of shumai.
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
beef kway teow comes from the region of indonesia.
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji.
taro is an ingredient in binignit.
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico.
bionico is from the jalisco region.
chicken is a member of the class bird.
the currency in india is the indian rupee.
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india.
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia.
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco.
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia.
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico.
spanish is spoken in new york.
shumai is in china.
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay.
the malays are an ethnic group in sumatra.
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick, maryland.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
albany is part of oregon where oregon is located.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by the united states house of representatives.
amarillo is part of texas in the united states.
anaheim, california is led by the united states house of representatives.
orange county, california is part of orange county, california in the united states.
adams township, madison county, indiana is part of adams township, madison county, indiana, in the united states.
antioch, california has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
arlington is 258.2 square kilometres total and has a total area of 184.0 square kilometres.
arlington is part of texas in the united states.
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city, new jersey is in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city, new jersey, has a population density of 44.125 square kilometres and has a population density of 44.125 square kilometres.
pierce county, washington is part of pierce county, washington, united states.
the capital of the united states is washington dc.
amarillo, texas is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
albuquerque, new mexico is located within the united states.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is part of the united states.
auburn, alabama is located in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
akron, ohio is located in the united states, where english is spoken.
albuquerque, new mexico, is led by the president.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy.
arem-arem is a food found in indonesia, where jusuf kalla is a leader.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader.
arrabbiata sauce includes chili pepper and chili pepper.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia.
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
bacon is an ingredient in bacon explosion and sausage.
the alternative name for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france.
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader.
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states.
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding.
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia.
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is part of the family apiaceae.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay.
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore.
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia.
bhajji comes from india where the people are known as indians.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is called t s thakur.
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit comes from.
binignit is a dish from the philippines and contains banana.
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana.
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader.
granola is one of the ingredients in bionico which has granola as one of its ingredients.
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
bakso is a dish from indonesia, where joko widodo is the leader.
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai which is a variation of shumai.
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s and has a runway length of 2777.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. it is 610 metres above sea level.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. it has a runway length of 3500.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh.
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is operated by the united states air force.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt.
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport is located.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and has 3800 metres above sea level.
the surface of the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schipol is -3.3528 above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol's runway length is 3300.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and serves luanda.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae. the 3rd runway is made of poaceae.
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a length of 12467 feet.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport which is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey.
the port authority of new york and new jersey operate atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048.0.
infraero is operated by infraero which is operated by infraero.
1 fc magdeburg played in the regionalliga in 2014-15.
verona, italy is the home to a.c. chievo verona which has 39371 members.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy. the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for blackburn rovers f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for irlam town f.c.
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio.
a.s. livorno calcio ground is in livorno and they play in serie b.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a.s. roma.
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f.c.
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s.p.a.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and their ground is in greece.
the olympic stadium (athens) is the ground of aek athens fc. they play in the superleague greece.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is sportpark de toekomst, tenanted by jong ajax.
azal pfk play in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season.
ground is in gubbio where the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f.c. and manages a.s. roma.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
virginia demarce is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which was written by virginia demarce.
aip advances has the abbreviation of "aip adv.".
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and is available in print.
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and has 672 pages.
a glastonbury romance was followed by "weymouth sands" and was followed by weymouth sands.
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and is available in print & paperback.
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is in print.
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover.
the english language is spoken in great britain and a severed wasp.
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science and business media.
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 7877110 and the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones which was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math), is academican discipline of math.
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is in the johns hopkins university press.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba, alba.
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
b.m. reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology which is based in bangalore.
the acharya institute of technology was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the leader of kerala is kochi.
the comic book character april o'neal was created by peter laird.
jill shilling starred in bananaman which stars jill shilling.
bananaman starred graeme garden and starred graeme garden.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman.
big hero 6 stars alan tudyk.
big hero 6 stars scott adsit and starred scott adsit.
baymax was created by steven t seagle and steven t. seagle.
ben urich's full name is benjamin urich, whose full name is benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and is the full name of bibbo bibowski.
alan bean is now retired.
alan shepard served as a test pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s.
108 st. georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 public square is located in the united states and has 45 floors.
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler, the united states.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located in east link bridge.
the 3arena is located in dublin, company populous.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international hotel.
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and was completed in 1862.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka, sri lanka.
akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
the address of akita museum of art is "1-4-2 nakadori".
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road.
ampara hospital is located in eastern province, sri lanka, where austin fernando is the leader.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, united states.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new york city.
adare manor is located in county limerick, munster.
the 3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and joe biden.
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin.
elliot see was chosen by nasa in 1962 and died in st. louis.
elliot see died in st. louis where francis g slay is the leader.
elliot see died in st. louis on france, and died in st. louis on france.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space.
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was published in print and has 448 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain.
alexander l. wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery, which has headquarters in new york city and headquartered in new york city.
the aids journal is academically hiv/aids and has the issn number 0269-9370.
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline of hiv/aids and has the issn number 1473-5571.
the editor of aip advances is a.t. charlie johnson who resides in the us and stanford university.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the isbn number of 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover and has 388 pages.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abbreviated to abh. math. semin. univ. hambg.
above the veil was followed by above the veil and is followed by above the veil.
aenir was written by above the veil and was written by above the veil.
garth nix is the author of above the veil which is 248 pages long.
acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol., has the issn number 0567-7920 and the lccn number 60040714.
addiction (journal) has the issn number 1360-0443.
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley-blackwell, which has the issn number 0965-2140 and the issn number 0965-2140.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by above the veil and was followed by above the veil.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
john cowper powys was born in shirley, derbyshire and was born in shirley, derbyshire and was born in shirley, derbyshire and died in shirley, derbyshire.
sara miller mccune is the founder of the administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001-8392 and the issn number 0001-8392.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states, where the leader is known as the president.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for 1. fc lokomotive leipzig and has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
the full name of a.c. lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa and they have 4150 members.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team.
the ground of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members.
a.f.c. blackpool's full name is "association football club blackpool" and has 1500 members.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton.
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and is attached to the club stockport county f.c.
livorno, italy is the home to a.s. livorno calcio and has 19238 members and their ground is in livorno, italy.
the manager of a.s. livorno calcio are carpi fc 1909 and they play in the serie b league. carpi fc 1909 are previous champions.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea fc and real madrid cf.
aek athens f.c. play in the superleague of greece where olympiacos f.c. were past champions.
aek athens f.c. manager is gus poyet, who plays for chelsea f.c.
amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
amsterdam-noord is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for istanbulspor a.ş.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and their ground is estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca.
luciano spalletti played for udinese calcio and manages a.s. roma.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for s.s. chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and is attached to the club asd s.s. nola 1925.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u.s castrovillari calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham and is located in colmore row.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio. frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois, where rahm emanuel is a leader.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler which has 22 floors.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall quay.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international hotel which has 23 floors.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is 3xn and has 23 floors.
augustus pugin (born in bloomsbury) was born in bloomsbury.
the architect philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor, which was completed in 1862 and was completed in 1862.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in haputale, haputale.
adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
the mason school of business started in the united states and the current tenants are the mason school of business.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and significant buildings including the riverside art museum.
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan who was born in california and was born in california.
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd, pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a, manhattan. it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23 and was added to the national register of historic places.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where hailemariam desalegn is the leader.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, ahmedabad.
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda, maryland and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
albuquerque, new mexico, has a population density of 490.9 square kilometres and has a population density of 490.9 square kilometres.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the u.s. where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
anaheim, california has a utc offset of 131.6 square kilometres total and has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
anaheim, california is led by the california state capitol and is lead by the california state capitol.
anderson, indiana is part of the lafayette township, madison county, indiana in the united states.
angola, indiana is part of the pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california, which is part of contra costa county, california.
arlington is part of tarrant county, texas, united states.
atlanta is located in the united states where the capital city is washington d.c.
the population density of atlanta is 347.1 square kilometres and has a population density of 1299.0 square kilometres.
atlantic city, newark is part of newark, new jersey, united states. the largest city in new jersey is newark.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states. the largest city in the united states is new york city.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama, in the united states.
auburn is part of washington dc and the capital city is washington d.c.
the washington state is located in the united states, where olympia is part of the state of washington.
the capital of georgia is called dougherty county, georgia.
madison county, indiana is part of anderson, indiana, in the united states. madison county, indiana is part of anderson, indiana.
trenton is the capital of new jersey which is part of new jersey in the united states.
houston is the largest city in texas where the largest city is houston.
attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana, in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the capital city is washington d.c.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
akron, ohio is part of summit county, ohio, united states which is part of summit county, ohio.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
barack obama is the leader of the united states where albuquerque, new mexico is led by barack obama.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
angola, indiana is located in the united states, where english is the language spoken.
aarhus lufthavn a/s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and serves the city of lake placid, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, spain.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force. the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states bombing of libya in 1986.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada and invasion of grenada.
the alderney airport serves the city of alderney and serves the city of alderney.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters in pakistan.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the inhabitants are called tejano.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey in the united states.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport which serves the four world trade center.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, which is part of the community of madrid in community of madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, spain.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is found in san sebastian de los reyes, spain.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, united states. to the southeast of adams county pennsylvania is carrol county, maryland.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania and is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is found in turkey, where the capital is ankara.
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
arem-arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome, italy.
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome, italy.
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia. the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the capital is kuala lumpur.
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader.
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york and france.
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls and manual valls are leaders.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska, which comes from the united states. christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the counge cake and cookies.
bakewell pudding is a dessert that contains ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakso is a dish from indonesia and is found in indonesia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where manuel valls is a leader.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
binignit is a dessert that contains banana and banana.
binignit contains sago and sago.
binignit is a dessert that contains taro and cookies.
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico and contains granola.
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and is found in the guadalajara region of mexico.
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and its leader is pietro grasso.
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where batchoy is eaten.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
the awh engineering college in kerala, india has 250 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the leader of kerala is kochi and the leader of kerala is kochi.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania, where the anthem is deșteaptă-te, române!
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's ethnic group is germans of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which was established in 1928.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928.
albert uderzo is the creator of the comic character asterix, which was created by rene goscinny.
bananaman starred tim brooke-taylor and starred tim brooke-taylor.
big hero 6 stars in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
big hero 6 stars in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and the walt disney studios motion pictures.
the comic book character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino.
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin.
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and ernie colon.
103 colmore row has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors.
the asian south africans are an ethnic group in south africa where 11 diagonal street is located.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states. the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and is located in buffalo, new york and has 12 floors.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in copenhagen, which has 23 floors.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick, munster.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where the leader is narendra modi and amdavad ni gufa is located.
the asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 is located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a, manhattan and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, which is part of new york city, which is part of new york city.
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan where the asser levy public baths are located in new york city.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham which is lead by andrew mitchell.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham where the leader is the labour party (uk).
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat, india where amdavad ni gufa is located.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where the leader is narendra modi.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, akita prefecture, japan.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the capital is london and the leader is elizabeth ii.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden is a leader of the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property and is categorised as a contributing property.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, azerbaijan where the capital is baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan where the capital is baku.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland. it was established on 11 july 1907 and is located on the monocacy national battlefield.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is found in turkey, where the capital is ankara.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
albany is part of the u.s. where the native americans are an ethnic group.
albuquerque, new mexico, has a total area of 1142.3 square kilometres of land and has a total area of 1142.3 square kilometres.
alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia, in the u.s. state of georgia in the u.s. state of georgia.
the capital of the united states is washington d.c. and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
amarillo, texas is part of potter county, texas, united states.
the california state assembly is the location of the california state assembly and is the location of the california state assembly.
anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union and has a population density of 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometres).
angola, indiana is part of the pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, in the united states.
antioch, california has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
the total population density of atlantic city, new jersey is 1421.2 square kilometres and has 609 people per square kilometres.
lee county in alabama is part of lee county, alabama, in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
lee county, alabama is part of lee county, alabama, in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the capital city is washington d.c.
auburn, washington is part of king county, washington and is part of king county, washington.
austin is part of hays county, texas where houston is the largest city.
the california state assembly is the location of the california state assembly and is the location of the california state assembly.
georgia is part of fulton county, georgia, in the us.
lafayette township, madison county, indiana is part of the lafayette township, madison county, indiana, in the united states and is part of the lafayette township, madison county, indiana.
houston is the largest city in texas where the largest city is houston.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the largest city is washington d.c.
barack obama is the leader of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group there.
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is john sanchez.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
barack obama is the leader of the united states where albuquerque, new mexico is led by barack obama.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albany is part of the united states.
angola, indiana is part of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
angola, indiana is part of the pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, in the united states where the language is english.
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 and fsv zwickau.
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy and is attached to the club fc bari 1908.
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for a.c. chievo verona and plays for a.c. chievo verona.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who is a member of the conservative party (uk).
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where the ground of afc blackpool is stockport county f.c.
a.f.c. fylde played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
afc fylde has the full name "association football club fylde" and they played in the 2014 season.
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina and plays for both maccabi tel aviv f.c. and maccabi tel aviv f.c.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and played in the superleague greece in the 2014 season.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n.v. and is owned by afc ajax n.v.
afc ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both afc ajax and vitesse arnhem.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas and has vila nova futebol clube.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas and is located in alagoas.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca and is located in arapiraca.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is located in the city of akron, summit county, ohio, united states.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso.
peter stoger is the manager of 1. fc koln and plays for fc admira wacker mödling and fk austria wien.
abilene, texas is served by abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway named 17l/35r.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, new york and has a runway length of 2003.0 and is 507 metres above sea level.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. the runway name is 18l/36r and the runway name is 18l/36r.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force. the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has the runway name 08/26.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway named 09r/27l.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who was involved in the invasion of grenada and invasion of grenada and the invasion of grenada.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway named 09/27 buitenveldertbaan.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway named 18l/36r aalsmeerbaan.
andrews, texas is served by andrews county airport which is 929 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the capital is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the capital is austin.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in ashgabat, turkmenistan. the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey in the united states and is led by don guardian.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority which is located in egg harbor township, new jersey in the united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the french language is spoken.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, which is part of harrietstown, new york, united states.
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken.
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab, pakistan where the leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class monocotyledon.
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which is located in broadcasting house and is located in broadcasting house.
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling and starred jill shilling.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and the american, duncan rouleau.
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national ernie colon.
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al. it has 512 pages and the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
aids (journal) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer and the parent company is wolters kluwer.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer was published in hardcover and has the isbn number of 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where english is the language spoken.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover and has 560 pages.
the acta mathematica hungarica (acta math. hungar) has the issn number 0236-5294.
acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol) has the issn number 0567-7920.
acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol.) is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732-2421.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
cornell university is in ithaca, new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
aenir was written by garth nix and has an isbn number of 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
john hopkins university press is located in the united states and was first published in 1878 and is published by johns hopkins university press which was first published in 1878.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and where a wizard of mars originates from.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and spent 100305 minutes in space.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
apollo 8 was born in british hong kong where frank borman was a crew member.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from glen ridge, new jersey. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in edwin eugene aldrin jr. and has 20 awards.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california and died in california.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which has died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
william anders was selected by nasa in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963.
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor, india. the ganges is a river in india.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai, tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, alba county, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus, denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala, in the state of kerala which has a staff compliment of 250.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso.
cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers are the main ingredients of arros negre which is from the catalonia region of spain.
white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers are the main ingredients of arros negre which comes from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain, where the leader is the parliament of catalonia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malay are an ethnic group.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra. malays and malays are ethnic groups in sumatra.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the president of the united states.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital city is washington d.c.
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich, a variation of the club sandwich.
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce and is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
baked alaska comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake (or christmas pudding) and is a dish from the united states.
meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which is a dish from france, the united states or china.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and the main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding which is a variant of bakewell pudding and is from the derbyshire dales region.
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is a popular dish in indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries.
ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots includes ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
barny cakes can be found in france where francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders.
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai which comes from indonesia and shumai.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef. the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob.
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from the country of indonesia and singapore.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. it includes vegetables.
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of the karnataka region of the karnataka region.
sweet potato belongs to flowering plants and sago. the main ingredients are sweet potato and sago.
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines and contains sago.
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico and contains granola.
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
bakso is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language is philippine spanish and the language spoken is philippine spanish.
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where batchoy is eaten.
the dessert binignit comes from the philippines, where the language is philippine english.
the dessert binignit comes from the philippines, where the language is philippine english.
the grantville gazette preceded 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the language is english.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
the novel into battle was followed by above the veil which was preceded by the novel castle.
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where barack obama is the president. the capital of the us is washington d.c. and 1634 the ram rebellion was written.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the president of the united states.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president. the country is the location of the leader of the united states.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the u.s. where the largest city is georgia.
texas is part of potter county, texas, united states, where the capital is washington d.c.
amarillo, texas is part of potter county, texas, united states, where the capital is austin.
potter county, texas is part of potter county, texas in the united states, where the capital is austin.
anderson, indiana is part of the anderson township, madison county, indiana, in the united states.
antioch, california is part of california which is part of california which is part of contra costa county, california.
the area of atlanta is 347.1 square kilometres and has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres.
attica is part of logan township, fountain county, indiana, in the united states and has a population of 4.14 square kilometres.
lee county in alabama is part of lee county, alabama, in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c. and african americans are an ethnic group.
auburn, washington is located in the united states and has a population of 914.8 square kilometres.
austin is part of williamson county, texas where the largest city is georgetown, texas.
austin is part of hays county, texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
austin is part of hays county, texas where the largest city is houston.
alexandria, indiana is part of madison county, indiana, in the united states and is part of madison county, indiana.
texas is part of the starrant county in texas where the largest city is houston.
the largest city in tarrant county, texas is austin and the largest city in texas is austin.
washington d. c. is the capital of the united states where white americans are an ethnic group and the largest city is washington d.c.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albany, oregon is located in oregon, in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
angola, indiana is part of steuben county, indiana, in the united states, where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
lee county, alabama is part of lee county, alabama, united states where the capital is washington d.c.
lee county, alabama is part of lee county, alabama, in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
newark is the capital of new jersey, in the united states where newark is the capital.
the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states where the leader is known as the president.
angola, indiana is part of the steuben county in indiana, in the united states, where english is the national language.
akron, ohio is part of summit county, ohio, united states where barack obama is the part of akron, ohio.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property and is categorised as a contributing property.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and frederick county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, azerbaijan where the capital is baku.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the national assembly is the legislature of azerbaijan.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is found in turkey, where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, in bangalore, in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels. denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
the largest city in india is mumbai and the largest city in india is mumbai.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is located in the city of aarhus, denmark.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus, which has mols to its northeast and the government type of mols.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and steven t. seagle.
michele marcolini has been the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908 and manages a.c. lumezzane.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county f.c.
a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where sergio mattarella is the leader of italy.
the olympic stadium (athens) is the manager of aek athens fc who played for chelsea f.c.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is pietro grasso.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the official language is italian.
arem-arem is found nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java. indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian indian is the leader of malaysia.
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states. the main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and white americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bread and bacon with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce are the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom and contains ketchup or brown sauce.
baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher and manuel valls are leaders.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders.
batagor is a variation of siomay, which contains peanut sauce and is a variation of shumai and shumai.
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai and shumai are variations of the same dish.
batagor is found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region where the leader is vajubhai vala.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india, where the leader is called t s thakur and sumitra mahajan.
bionico is a dessert that contains chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain, where the leader is felipe vi.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is laura boldrini.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is laura boldrini.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso.
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group.
tony tan is the leader of singapore where the javanese people are an ethnic group in java.
the zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups from the philippines where batchoy is eaten.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain, where susana diaz is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain, where susana diaz is the leader and susana diaz is the leader.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 8 crew.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa. he is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930 in retired. he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11. william anders was the backup pilot.
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa's apollo 14 mission.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was born in new hampshire and died in california.
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1st, 1969.
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where aarhus airport is located in tirstrup, part of the central denmark region.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. the runway name is 14l/32r and it has a length of 4100.0.
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is operated by the indian air force and has a runway length of 1818.0.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase, which is located in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force. the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the transport aircraft of the united states air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom.
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is made from poaceae.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and has a runway named 18l/36r.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, united states. the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and serves the city of alpena, michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0 and is 210 metres above sea level.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states. the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the greek language is spoken.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the greek language is spoken.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. the airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is the leader of belgium.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey in the united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york which is part of harrietstown, new york, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, which is part of harrietstown, new york, united states.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force. the hal light combat helicopter is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand.
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is fuad masum.
200 public square in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states, was completed in 1985.
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo, new york and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark.
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which was founded in washington dc and the language spoken is greenlandic.
the palace of westminster is the architect of adare manor which is located in the republic of ireland where the leader is enda kenny.
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 and has a height of 42 metres and was completed in 1964.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the leader of japan is tarō asō.
alan b. miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary and is owned by the college of william and mary and is owned by the college of william and mary. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. gujarat's leader is gujarat legislative assembly.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is called ranil wickremesinghe.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and significant buildings including the asilomar state beach and hearst castle.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new netherland and is the location of asser levy public baths.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham, which has the b postcode and the b postcode.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the capital is washington d.c.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania. it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and frederick county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan where the capital is baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he spent 100305 minutes in space.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
alan bean was born in june 1981 and retired in june 1981.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 8 mission.
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. from afit in 1962 and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with frank borman.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. its campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels. the school is affiliated with the european university association in brussels.
the awh engineering college in kerala, india was established in 2001. the leader of kerala is kochi.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital city is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is found in turkey, where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul.
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey, where the ataturk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in the year 2000.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus, denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated wit
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree at the university of texas at austin in 1955. he served as a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959. he died in california.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot who was born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot and crew member of nasa's apollo 12.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 and spent 52 minutes in space.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was awarded the massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was awarded the massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was awarded the massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was awarded the massachus
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew along with william anders.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 8 mission.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
aaron s. daggett was awarded the purple heart.
aaron s. daggett is a part of the battle of mine run.
ab klink is born in stellendam, netherlands.
the abdul rahman yakub is a tuanku bujang tuanku othman.
abdul taib mahmud is parti bumiputera sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud is in the sulaiman abdul rahman taib.
abdulsalami abubakar was established in 1999.
abdulsalami is a born in minna.
abdulsalami abubakar is born in niger state.
abner w. sibal was published in 1965.
abner w sibal died in alexandria, virginia.
adam holloway was born in kent.
adam holloway resides in adam holloway.
adenan satem is made from university of adelaide.
adolf scharf is a member of the mikulov mikulov.
adonis georgiadis is a dish from the antonis georgiadis.
adonis georgiadis is a deputy minister for development, competitiveness and shipping.
agnes kant is born in the hessisch oldendorf.
agnes ward white is in marietta, ohio.
the active years start date of airey neave is 1953.
airey neave is awarded the military cross.
the birth place of airey neave is known as knightsbridge, london.
the inhabitants of airey neave is lieutenant colonel.
airey neave was established in 1935.
albert b. white is from the republican party (united states).
albert b white was written by agnes ward white.
the branch of albert jennings fountain is union army.
alberto teisaire is a food found in argentina.
the rear admiral in the argentine navy is the rear admiral in the argentine navy.
alfons gorbach died in austria.
alfred moore start date was in 1875-03-04.
alfred moore scales is a battle in battle of chancellorsville.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was written by the mayor of stamford, connecticut.
allan shivers started in 1947-01-21.
allan shivers is based in the united states army.
price daniel is the uccessor of allan shivers.
alvah sabin was started on 1853-03-04.
alvah sabin was a party (united states).
robert e. lee is the commander of american civil war.
austrian german is a language spoken in austria.
the commander of battle of antietam is robert e. lee.
battle of cold harbor is part of the american civil war.
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti.
the commander of gulf war is colin powell.
john f. kennedy is predecessor was dwight d. eisenhower.
josef klaus is a member of the university of vienna.
francisco franco is the predecessor of juan carlos.
juan peron is a party of argentina.
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands.
the united states army has the attle american war.
william m. o. dawson was born in bloomington maryland.
dodge coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 doge coronet.
1955 cubic inches is a member of the cubic inches.
the christening date of a rosa luna is 2005-04-07.
aida cruises is located in rostock.
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises.
the christening date of aidastella is 2013.
aidastella was completed on 2013-03-11.
aidastella has the maiden voyage of aidastella.
aida cruises is the operator of aidastella.
the mid-atlantic regional spaceport is the launch site of alv x-11.
amc matador is also known as american motors matador.
ara veinticinco de mayo is the april 1948 for the netherlands of april 1948.
abarth 1000 gt coupe is straighted by the straight four engine.
honda k engine is a member of the honda k engine.
acura tlx is in the awd and vehicle.
the related mean of transportation of acura tlx is honda accord.
the book acura tlx has the ransmission of "acura tlx.
alfa romeo has a student at the arese.
the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 is lancia thema.
alfa romeo has a transmission of 4speed automatic.
samuda brothers is the builder of alhambra.
8.3 m is the beam of alhambra.
alhambra is written in wrecked.
alhambra has the op speed of 18.52.
alvis speed is a straight six engine.
alvis speed is the origin of alvis speed in 1937.
american submarine nr-11 can be found in the american submarine nro-1.
the final flight of antares is 2014.
the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 is the antares of the antares.
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti.
ariane has a launch site of guiana space centre.
ariane has a maiden flight of 2005-08-11.
aston martin vv, convertible style is situated.
aston martin vv is made with aston martin.
aston martin virage is made from aston martin.
atlas ii was in the final flight of 1698.
vandenberg air force base is the launch site of atlas ii.
audi was founded by august horch.
audi an assembly was audi brussels.
the related mean of transportation of audi ar is seat ibiza.
caterpillar inc is located in peoria, illinois.
genoa is the location of costa crociere.
chrysler newport is the related mean of transportation of desoto custom.
fiat croma's related mean of transportation is alfa romeo 164.
germany is inhabited by germany.
the leader of germany is norbert lammert.
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich.
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone.
guiana space centre is headquartered in the kourou french guiana.
honda k engine is a manufacturer in honda k engine.
the national anthem of the united states is the star spangled banner.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
the chairman of a.c. milan is silvio berlusconi.
aaron boogard was born in canada.
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen.
abel hernandez is a member of the uruguay olympic football team.
abel hernandez is a member of the uruguay national football team.
abner (footballer) was born in brazil.
adam maher is in diemen.
adam maher is born in netherlands.
adam maher is a netherlands national under-17 football team.
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven.
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team.
akeem adams is a point fortin.
the team of akeem dent is atlanta falcons.
akeem priestley is in the connecticut huskies.
al khor sports club play in the qatar stars league.
the manager of al-zawra'a sc is basim qasim.
al kharaitiyat sc comes from the position of qatar stars league.
alaa abdul zahra is in baghdad.
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f.c.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c.
alan martin (footballer) plays for scotland national under 19 football team.
aleksander barkov jr, was born on the 22th of january 1995.
aleksander barkov, jr. plays for florida panthers.
the height of aleksander barkov, jr, is 1.905 height.
aleksander barkov, jr, play in the national hockey league.
aleksandr prudnikov was born on the 24th of february 1989.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm.
aleksandre guruli is in batumi.
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia.
aleksandre guruli is in the georgia national under-21 football team.
alessio romagnoli plays for a.s. roma.
alessio romagnoli is at a.s. roma.
alex plante is bart in manitoba.
alex tyus play in the turkish basketball super league.
atlanta falcons is from atlanta.
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins.
budapest is a dish from hungary.
the english language is spoken in canada.
the slavey language is spoken in canada.
columbus blue jackets is a type of columbus blue jackets.
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny.
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov.
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov.
the finish language is spoken in finland.
daniele zoratto is the coach italy of the italy national under-16 football team.
zvi sherf is the coach maccabi ashdod b.c.
fir park is the ground of motherwell f.c.
the owner of olympique lyonnais is jean michel aulas.
st. louis rams was published in st. louis.
the tennessee titans is the city of tennessee titans.
aaron bertram was published in 1998.
the associated musical artist of aaron deer is the horns of happiness.
kill rock stars is the record label aaron deer.
aaron turner is genred by avant garde metal.
progressive metal is the genre of aaron turner.
the background of abradab is solo singer.
abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
abradab is based in poland.
hip hop music is the genre of abradab.
guarania is the genre of agustin barboza.
ahmet ertegun is in istanbul, turkey.
alan frew comes from the genre of alan frew.
the associated musical artist of albennie jones is sammy price.
aleksandra kovay is a type of solo singer.
aleksandra koval is in the yugoslavia in yugoslavia.
aleksandra kova''s genre is rhythm and blues.
aleksandra kovan is genred by soul music.
alex day's genre is sinthpop.
the associated musical artist of alfredo zitarrosa is hector numa moraes.
alfredo zitarrosa is made from montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay.
alfredo zitarrosa's record label is rca records.
the active years start wear of alison o donnell is 1963.
alison o donnell is a member of the genre of jazz.
alison o donnell is of voice, bodhran, percussion, autoharp.
allen forrest was born on 1981-02-04.
allen forrest is genred by pop music.
alligator records is located in chicago.
johnny sansone is associated musical artist of anders osborne.
anders osborne is in the genre of rhythm and blues.
alligator records is the record label of anders osborne.
rhythm and blues is the genre of andra singer.
andrew rayel was published in 2009.
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns.
andrew rayel is born in chisinau, moldova.
the musical artist of andrew white (musican) is marry banilow.
andrew white is a record label in musician.
asuncion is part of gran asuncion.
guitar is the name of christian burns.
gangsta rap is the music subgenre hip hop music.
hip hop music is of the funk funk.
indie rock, new wave music.
manchester is part of greater manchester.
polydor records is located in london.
sony music entertainment is the distributing company of rca records.
rock and roll is located in blues.
the stylistic origin of synthpop is pop music.
british people inhabit the uk.
19255 in grampercubiccentimetres is 2.0 grampercubiccentimes.
carl a. wirtanen is a dish called 29075 1950.
the abbreviated name of the absolute mage of the country is 22.1.
the construction of the kilometres of kilometres.
the headquarters of the country are the 254989570.
the epoch of 66063 in 1998 is 2013.
100 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0.00 piazzia.
100 gaussia has the former name of 1923.
the maximum temperature of 100 gaussia is 165.0 kelvins.
101 helena has a part of 441092000.0 kilometres.
101 helena was published in 2006-12-31.
101 helena has 3 0 kilograms.
1036ganymed is available in 1036 kilometreperseconds.
103 hera has an absolute mage of 7.66.
103 hera has 7.9 kilograms.
107 camilla has an absolute mage of 7.08.
107 camilla is in a. storrs.
the former name of 108 tama, which has a former name of 108 tama).
108 tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 (days).
109 vicia has 17.92 kilometreperseconds.
109 vicia was published in 2006-12-31.
109 vicia has the otation period of 95040.0.
109 felicitas is from the christian heinrich peters.
109 felicitas has the peripapsis of 283326000000.
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometreperseconds.
110 clematis has the peripapsis of 44589500000.
110 lydia was published in 2006-12-31.
11230 kelvins is the emperature of 11230 kelvins.
james craig watson is a member of the university of michigan.
nottingham is the birthplace of n. r. pogson.
aaron s. daggett was awarded the purple heart and battle of fredericksburg.
aaron s. daggett was awarded the purple heart and was awarded the purple heart.
abdul rahman ya kub is the successor of abdul taib mahmud who is the abdul rahman yakub.
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was born in the kingdom of sarawak.
abdulsalami abubakar is located in minna and has the alma mater of technical institute, kaduna.
the chief of the defence staff (abbreviated to abdulsalami abubakar) was born in the chief of the defence staff.
abdulsalami abubakar is in the chief of the defence staff and worked at worked as a chief of the defence staff.
abdulsalami abubakar was used in the 29th of january 1999.
abdulsalami abubakar is in the olusegun obasanjo and olusegun obasanjo.
world war ii is a battle in world war ii and commanded by joseph stalin.
the united states army are the battles of the united states army where abner w. sibal is located in the korean war.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge in magdalene college, cambridge.
adam holloway was born in gravesend and was born in gravesend.
adam koc was written by virtuti militari and was awarded virtuti militari.
adonis georgiadis is a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis is a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally.
agnes kant was born in the parliamentary group leader in the parliamentary group leader.
the airey neave is written in the royal artillery in the united states.
airey neave is actually both active years start date of battle of france, and was started on 1974-03-04.
the battle of france and hugo sperrle are commander of battle of france.
airey neave was born in world war ii and was born in world war ii.
world war ii is a battle in franklin d roosevelt and commanded by world war ii.
world war ii is a battle in world war ii and commanded by world war ii.
albert b. white was born in 1941 and died in 1941.
albert b. white was born in politician and was born in politician.
albert jennings founty is located in new york city.
albert jennings fountain is located in new mexico territory and died in edmund j. davis.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and was born in new york city.
the provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire is in isaac rojas.
austria hungary is the birthplace of alfons gorbach who was born in austria.
alfons gorbach was born in austria, austria.
the governor of north carolina are the successor of alfred moore scales which was written by the governor of north carolina.
daniel gould fowle is the alma mater of daniel gould fowle who was born in princeton university.
alfred n. phillips is from the united states house of representatives.
the united states army are the battles of the united states army where alfred n. phillips is found.
world war ii is a battle in world war ii and commanded by joseph stalin.
allan shivers is in the member of the texas state senate from district 4 port arthur.
allan shivers is a member of the member of the texas state senate from district 4 port arthur.
alvah sabin was born on the 23rd of october 1793-10-23 and has the secretary of state of vermont.
the currency of netherlands is the euro.
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands where the leader is mark rutte.
parkersburg, west virginia is located in parkersburg, west virginia in the united states.
aaron boogard was born in wichita thunder and plays for saskatchewan.
abel hernandez is a member of the penarol club and manages the penarol.
abel hernandez is attached to the club penarol and plays for u.s. citt, di palermo.
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under-17 football team and plays for az alkmaar.
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under-17 football team.
ahmad kadhim assad plays for al shorta sc and plays for al shorta sc.
akeem adams is a member of the ferencvarosi tc club and manages ferencvarosi tc.
akeem adams plays for the trinidad and tobago national football team and plays for the trinidad and tobago national football team.
the new england patriots are the name of the team of akeem ayers which has 39 former teams.
the team of akeem ayers is tennessee titan and has 39 former teams.
akeem dent was born in 1987 and was born on the 27th of january 1987.
akeem priestley is in the connecticut huskies club and plays for connecticut huskies.
akeem priestley is attached to the club sheikh russel kc.
al khor sports club is the ground for al khor sports club and plays for al khor sports club.
al kharaitiyat sc were managed by al kharaitiyat sc and is a member of the al kharaitiyat sc. club.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c. and hamilton academical f.c.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c.
aleksander barkov, jr, was born in florida panthers and was born in florida panthers.
aleksander barkov jr, was born in tampere, finland and is a member of the club florida panthers.
aleksandr chumakov is a member of the club valery petrakov. the manager of fc torpedo moscow is aleksandr chumakov.
aleksandr prudnikov is a player for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar.
aleksandr prudnikov play in the russian football national league and plays for russian football national league.
aleksandre guruli's club is fc dinamo batumi.
alex plante was born in manitoba, in 1989.
alex tyus is a player in the pallacanestro canta and was born on 1988-01-08.
alex tyus is a turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b.c.
brandon, manitoba is lead by the conservative party of canada and was born in brandon, manitoba.
adam mcquaid was born in canada and canada.
adam mcquaid was born in canada, where the english language is spoken.
the manager of fc dinamo batumi is levan khomeriki and is the manager of fc dinamo batumi.
the ground fc spartak moscow is the home ground of fc spartak moscow.
akeem priestley is attached to the club veikkausliiga and plays for rops.
akeem adams is part of the united petrotrin f.c. and plays for the united petrotrin f.c.
aaron deer is a dish from the guitar genre.
aaron deer originates from the united states and originates from indiana.
twilight is the genre of aaron turner which has the genre aaron turner.
aaron turner is from singing and genred by avant garde metal.
abradab is associated with the musical artist of abradab which is associated with the musical artist of magik.
abradab was born in the city of abradab which was born in 1978.
abradab was born in the city of poland.
hip hop music is from the genre of disco and is the genre of ace wilder.
ace wilder is a record label for warner music group and is the location of the ace wilder.
agustin barboza (born in paraguay) was born in paraguay.
rock music is from the music fusion genred by rock music which is from the music genre.
rock music is from the country music which is in country music.
albennie jones genred albennie jones which is in jazz.
aleksandra kovay is genred by the solo singer designed aleksandra kova.
rhythm and blues was the genre of aleksandra kova, where rhythm and blues is located.
aleksandra kova, which has 1990 is the active years start year of aleksandra kova.
alex day's genre is sinthpop.
alfred garth jones was born in england and was born in england.
alfredo zitarrosa is from the milonga music genre and genred alfredo zitarrosa.
alfredo zitarrosa is from the taquirari genre and genred alfredo zitarrosa.
alfredo zitarrosa is from the uruguay and died in uruguay.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in the montevideo ruguay.
alfredo zitarrosa is from the genre of solo singer and is the genre of alfredo zitarrosa.
the associated musical artist of alison o donnell is bajik and is associated with plastik mak.
alison o donnell is a record label from floating world records and floating world records.
alison o donnell is of the autoharp genre.
allen forrest can be found in the solo singer in the solo singer.
alternative rock is the genre of alternative rock, which is located in the musician alternative rock.
the associated musical artist of anders osborne is tab benoit.
rabadash records are the record label for anders osborne who records and rabadash records.
anders osborne received a record label of shanachie records.
andra (singer) was published in 2000 in the pop music genre.
rhythm and blues was a student at the blues blues which is of the blues.
the associated musical artist of andrew rayel is jonathan mendelsohn and is associated with christian burns.
the associated musical artist of andrew rayel is jonathan mendelsohn and is associated with mark sixma.
the associated musical artist of andrew rayel is armin van buuren.
andrew white is one of the stylistic of the genre of andrew white and the andrew white music.
al anderson (nrbb band) is genred by country music.
polydor records are located in london and is located in london and is located in london.
19255 (kilometres) is a member of the kilometres on escape velopity.
the minimum temperature of a 41077772 kilometres is 211.0 kelvins and has the minim temperature of apoapsis.
has the discover of the spacewatch and has the discer of 882343000.
the escape velong in the kilometreperseconds are the escape velow and has the escape 0.0999 kilometreperseconds.
the orbital perion of the 663911999 was published in 2004-07-14 and has the orbital period of 2004-07-14.
the rotation of 663911999 was published in 2004-07-14 and has the rotation period of 66391 1999kw.
the james craig watson died in the james craig watson who died in peritonitis.
1036ganymed is available in 1036 kilometres in the kilometres.
walter baade was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade.
walter baade was the nationality of 1036ganymed which was disceded by walter baade.
james craig watson and james craig watson died in peritonitis and died in peritonitis.
james craig watson is a member of the canada and canada.
nottingham born 107 camilla was born in nottingham.
108 tama was published in the 2005-11-26 former name of 108 tama which has the former name of 2005-11-26.
108 tama has a temperature of 179 tama which has a temperature of 37351300.0 (kilometres).
109 vicia was published in 2006-12-31. it has the peripapis of 279142000.
100 felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kilometres and has a temperature of 170.0 kilometres.
109 felicitas was published in the 2006-12-31 in felicitas which was published in 2006-12-31.
109 felicitas were in the 2006-12-31 people from 109 felicitas.
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
10 hygiea has a former name of 2015-06-27.
11 lydia was published in 2006-12-31. it was published in 2006-12-31.
110 lydia was published in 2006-12-31. it was published in 2006-12-31.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres and was published in 2004-01-22.
aida cruises is operated by the aida cruises which is operated by the aida cruises.
aida cruises is operated by aida cruises which is operated by aida cruises.
aidaluna has a length of 40.744 and is 40.744 metres long.
the christening date of aidastella in aidastella is 253260.0 millimetres.
the diesel electric transmission is the builder of alco rs which is the sequel to the montreal locomotive works.
alv x-11 has 22 metres alv x.
amc matador was published in 1974 and was made in kenosha, wisconsin.
richard a teague was designed by richard a. teague which is written in chrysler.
ara veinticinco de mayo is the length of the length of ara veinticinco de mayo and was published in argentina.
the related mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164, alfa romeo 1644 is saab 9000.
alfa romeo has the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 in italy.
the alfa romeo 1644 related mean of transportation is lancia thema and is the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164.
alvis car and engineering company is the location of alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry.
single plate clutch, separate all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent and all silent
alvis speed is a centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with and straight six and straight six engine.
amc matador is a member of the american motors and is the manufacture of amc matador.
the maiden flight of antares (rocket) is 2014-01-09.
argentina is led by gabriela michetti.
ariane has an airbus defence and space as a launch site of ariane (airbus defence and space.
airbus defence and space is the parent company of airbus defence and space which has the parent company of airbus defence and space.
aston martin vv, which has the related mean of transportation is "aston martin rham-1 and the related mean of transportation is "aston martin rham).
aston martin virage is the manuact of aston martin vartin virage.
aston martin virage is the related mean of transportation of aston martin vr, aston martin dbs and successor aston martin virage.
aston martin virage is the manufacture of aston martin virage which is in aston martin.
atlas ii was in the city of atlas in the city of atlas in 1998.
the manufacture of atlas ii is lockheed martin.
audi and audi etron is a manufacturer of audi etron.
audi and ducati is ducati.
audi and quattro gmbh.
douglas r. oberhelman is a key person at the caterpillar inc, which is popular in the douglas r. oberhelman.
the antares is a rocket comparable in delta ii and comparabed in the vandenberg air force base.
the leader of finland is juha sipila and the leader of finland is juha sipila.
the general dynamics electric boat is the arent company of general dynamics electric boat.
mut friedrichshafen is the owner of the rolls royce holdings and the owner of mtu friedrichshafen.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
aaron s. daggett was born in the purple heart born in the battle of fredericksburg.
ab klink (born in netherlands) was born in netherlands.
abdul rahman ya kub is the birthplace of abdul taib mahmud who was born in the kingdom of sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud is located in sarawak and sarawak and sarawak.
abdulsalami abubakar is located in the chief of the defence staff and worked at worked as a chief of the defence staff. the abdulsalami abubakar is a technical institute, kaduna.
the abdulsalami abubakar is branch of abdulsalami abubakar which is in the atiku abubakar.
the abdulsalami abubakar is branch of abdulsalami abubakar, which is in the atiku abubakar branch.
abel caballero was born in galicia, spain.
abel caballero (born in galicia, spain) was born in galicia, spain.
world war ii is a battle in world war ii and commanded by joseph stalin.
abner w. sibal (born in ridgewood, queens) was born in ridgewood, queens.
adam holloway was designed by george h. w. bush and george h. w. bush.
adam holloway was born in the magdalene college, cambridge and the conservative party (uk).
adam koc was born in leon trotsky, and commanded by the polish soviet war.
adam koc was part of leon trotsky and is the commander of the polish soviet war.
adonis georgiadis (born in greece, is the birthplace of adonis georgiadis.
adonis georgiadis (born in greece, is the birthplace of adonis georgiadis.
adonis georgiadis is located in the new democracy of greece, where the colours are antonis georgiadis.
the nationality of agnes kant is the house of representatives, netherlands where the leader is mark rutte.
agnes kant is a national of the socialist party of netherlands where the leader is mark rutte.
the radboud university nijmegen is the alma mater of agnes kant, who was born in the radboud university nijmegen.
the active years end date of airey neave is world war ii and was based on the 30th of march 1979.
airey neave was written by world war ii and was a part of the active years end date of world war ii and was a part of the active years end date of world war ii.
albert b. white was born on 1941-07-03 and died in 1941 and died in 1941.
albert b. white was born in marietta, ohio, and was born in marietta, ohio, and was born in marietta, ohio.
albert jennings fountain is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in staten island.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in staten island.
the governing body of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta. the governing body of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta.
the book alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina. it was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in county of tyrol.
alfred n. phillips was written by the member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticut, worked at, worked at and worked as a connecticut which was born in the connecticut from connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was born in the darien, connecticut, office (worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at worked as a connecticut which was office that was office that was office that was worked as a connecticut which was born in the connecticut's alfred n. phillips.
the democratic party (united states) is the successor of wilfred r. cousins jr.
the largest city in vermont is burlington, vermont, which has the largest city burlington and vermont's largest city.
alvah sabin was born on the 23rd of october 17, 1793-10-23 and was born on the 23rd of october 1793-10-23.
alvah sabin was born in georgia, vermont and was born in whig party (united states).
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and was born in the united states.
the american civil war was commanded by the american civil war and commanded by the american civil war.
alfons gorbach was born in austria, where the leader is doris bures.
alfons gorbach was born in austria, where the leader is doris bures.
alfons gorbach is led by doris bures and died in styria and died in styria.
the american civil war of the battle of salem church is the american civil war and commanded by the american civil war.
the book ab klink was born in netherlands where the currency is the euro.
the polish language is spoken in poland where the polish language is spoken.
19255 kilograms is the appolitical location for the 19255 kilograms and was created in 1994 known as 0.0925 kilograms.
the peripapity of a 4107777 200 fd, which has the orbital period of spacewatch, has the rbital perion of 882343000.
the minimum temperature of the apople of 66063 in degreecelsius and 66063 in the kilometres is a member of the 254989570.
the average speed of 663911, kilometres is 37.16 kilometres and has the density of 162164091.
1000 piazzia has the orbital period of 35249706-27. it has the rbital period of 35249706-27. it has the orbital period of 35249706-27. it has the orbital period of 35249706-27.
100 gaussia has the former name of 1923 and has the former name of 2015-06-27.
101 helena has the apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilograms and has the escape 441092000.0 kilograms and has the escape 441092000.0 kilograms.
walter baade is a national of the university of gottingen and has the alma mater of "university of gottingen.
james craig watson was died in madison, wisconsin and was died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson was died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin and died in peritonitis. james craig watson died in peritonitis.
103 hera was published in the 27nd 201-08-27 and has the orbital perion of 2771700-27.
103 hera has a temperature of 03717000.0 kilometres and has a temperature of 03717000.0 kilometres.
n. r. pogson is the nationality of 107 camilla who was born in england and the nationality of n. r. pogson.
108 tama played in the 2005-11-26 tama which has a former name of 1202.846 in the country.
108 tama has the peripapsis of 27351300.0 (kilometres) and was published in 2005-11-26.
109 vicia's former name is 279142000.
109 felicitas has the orbital perion of 13970500.
109 felicitas was published in 2006-12-31 and has the orbital period of 22332900.0.
10 hygiea has the average speed of 523951582, kilometres and has a total of 523951582.
10 hygiea has the average speed of 523951582, kilometres and has the average speed of 523951582.
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
110 lydia's peripapis in 110 lydia is 6.7 kilograms and was published in 2006-12-31.
110 lydia has a perial of 44075600.0 (kilometres) and was published in 2006-12-31.
the bandlassociated musical artist of aaron bertram is pop music. the artist of aaron bertram is pop music.
aaron deer originates from indiana and originates from indiana.
psychedelia is the genre of aaron deer in indiana.
aaron turner is associated with the black metal and greymachine.
twilight aaron turner was published in greymachine and greymachine.
the ambient musical artist of aaron turner is the ambient musical artist of aaron turner which is found in mamiffer.
electric guitar is the genre of the black metal which is from the region of death metal.
aaron turner is from singing and has death metal as an instrument.
abradab is associated with the musical artist of magik and was born on 1978-11-12.
abradab is associated with the musical artist of abradab which is associated with the musical artist of abradab.
hip hop music is from the genre of disco and is the genre of ace wilder.
agustin barboza was born in paraguay, where juan afara is the leader.
the nrb band associated musical artist of al anderson (nrbq band) is the genre of singing.
rock music is from the music fusion genred by country music and contains country music.
albennie jones genred albennie jones whose genre is afrobeat.
albennie jones can be found in errata, mississippi and derivatives and was born in errata, mississippi.
the associated musical artist of aleksandra kova, is pop music.
the associated musical artist of aleksandra kova, is pop music.
aleksandra kovak is associated with the kova sisters duo and has the genre rhythm and blues.
alex day's genre is the stylistic origin of synthpop which is the location of the genre of alex day.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in sidcup and died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in london and died in london and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in sidcup and died in sidcup and died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones died in london and died in london and died in london.
the folk music of ireland is the genre of alison o donnell which is associated with the folk music of ireland.
alison o donnell is associated with the flibbertigibbet and is associated with the flibbertigibbet.
alison o donnell was designed by voice, bodhran, percussion, autoharp. it is derivated by voice, bodhran, percussion, autoharp. the alison o donnell is derivated by voice, bodhran, percussion, autoharp.
alison o donnell is a record label for the static caravan recordings and the static caravan recordings.
allen forrest is located in dothan, alabama and is the location of the allen forrest which is genred by pop music.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama.
alternative rock is the genre of alternative rock, which is located in nu metal and is the genre of alternative rock.
tab benoit is associated with the billy iuso and tab benoit.
rock music is a rock music from rabadash records and is the genre of rock music.
the associated musical artist of andra (singer) is "dance"pop".
andreea balan is the associated musical artist of andra, singer which is associated with the rhythm and blues.
rhythm and blues was designed by the designer of the solo singer designed by the derivative of rhythm and blues which is located in disco.
the genre of andrew rayel is jonathan mendelsohn and the genre at andrew rayel is jonathan mendelsohn.
andrew rayel is associated with trance musical and has jonathan mendelsohn as its genre.
the bandlassociated musical artist of andrew rayel is christian burns whose genre is christian burns.
the bandlassociated musical artist of andrew white (musician) is marry banilow.
the gends of aron bertram is suburban legends and the genre aaron bertram is associated with suburban legends.
albennie jones was born in errata, mississippi and was born in errata, mississippi.
the alternative name of 1955 dodge is called dodge coronet and has the alternative name of dodge coronet.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres and played in the 2004-01-22.
a length of 1850.0 millimetres, are called a rosa luna and has a length of 1850.0 millimetres.
aida cruises is owned by costa crociere and operated by the aida cruises of germany.
the christening date of aidastella in aidastella is 253260.0 millimetres and was christen by the 2013-03-17 served by aidastella.
the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company is the sequel to american locomotive company and the length of the country is 17068.8 millimetres.
the american locomotive company are the sequel to american locomotive company and the length of the country is 17068.8 millimetres.
the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady, new york, has a length of 17068.8 millimetres and the length of 17068.8 millimetres.
alv x-11 is published in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group.
alv x-11 has a total launches of 1.524 metres and is diameter of alv x-11.
abarth 1000 gt coupw is from the straight four engine and has the body style of straight four engine.
abarth 1000 gt couph has the body style of abarth 1000 gt coupe which has the body style of abarth 1000 gt coupe.
aleksey chirikov is the builder of aleksey chirikov, icebreaker which is in the arctech helsinki shipyard.
the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 is alfa romeo 164, which is located in italy, where rome is the capital.
the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 is lancia thema and the capital city is rome.
the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 is lancia thema and the related mean of transportation is arese.
the related mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164, alfa romeo 1644 is called saab 9000.
alhambra has a length of 1855-05-31. it has a length of 1855-05-31.
alhambra is located in alhambra, which has the ship beam of 1855-05-31 and has the ship beam of ship beams.
alvis car and engineering company was founded in petrol and founded in petrol.
amc matador is a fate person at the american motors which is a manufacturer of amc matador which is a manufacturer of amc matador.
the antares is a rocket comparable in the united states and comparabed in the u.s.
the manufacture of antares rocket is medium expendable launch system and the manufacture is medium expendable launch system.
the ariane has a launch site of ariane which has the manufacturer of "arianespace and has the arianespace as an arianespace.
aston martin vv, asson martin dbs are the related mean of transportation of aston martin vv which is asson martin dbs.
aston martin vv, asson martin dbs has a related mean of aston martin dbs and has the related mean of transportation aston martin dbs.
cape canaveral air force station is the launch site of atlas ii which has the launch site cape canaveral air force station.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
atlas ii is a country where the launch site is cape canaveral air force station.
audi an assembly was audi brussels and is the assembly of audi brussels.
audi an related mean of transportation is volkswagen polo. the related mean of transportation of audi ar are volkswagen polo and the related mean of transportation.
the caterpillar inc is founded in california and was founded in california.
the caterpillar inc is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aida cruises.
aida cruises is the operator of aidastella which is owned by genoa and is owned by the aida cruises.
delta ii is located in the united states and comparabed in the united states.
the headquarters of guiana space centre is the headquarters of guiana space centre and headquarters in the site of french guiana.
guiana space centre is the location of guiana space centre and is located in kourou, french guiana.
neptun werft is the builder of a rosa luna which is located in germany and is located in germany.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen and plays for sv werder bremen.
aaron hunt is in the sv werder bremen ii club and plays for sv werder bremen ii.
abel hernandez plays for u.s. citt, di palermo and plays for u.s. citt, di palermo.
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol club and plays for u.s. citt, di palermo and plays for u.s. citt, di palermo.
adam maher is in the az alkmaar club and plays for az alkmaar.
akeem adams is part of the club palo seco and is attached to the club palo seco and plays for w connection f.c.
the los angeles rams and the los angeles rams are the drafts pick of akeem ayers which has 39 former teams.
akeem ayers has 39 former team and has 39 former teams.
akeem dent was born in atlanta, georgia and was born in atlanta, georgia.
alaa abdul zahra is in the shabab al ordon club and plays for shabab al ordon club.
al kharaitiyat sc were in the club al kharaitiyat sc, whose ground is shabab all ordon club.
alan martin (footballer) was born in clyde f.c.
alan martin (footballer) plays for accrington stanley f.c. and accrington stanley f.c.
aleksander barkov, jr, was born in florida panthers and was born in florida panthers and was born in florida panthers.
aleksander barkov, jr, was born in florida panthers and was born in florida panthers and was born in florida panthers.
aleksandr chumakov was born in russia, where the leader is vladimir putin.
aleksandr prudnikov was born in fc kuban krasnodar and was born in fc kuban krasnodar and was born in fc kuban krasnodar.
aleksandr prudnikov was born in the russia national football b team and was born in the club fc tom tomsk.
aleksandre guruli is in the azal pfk club and plays for the azal pfk club.
aleksandre guruli is in the us lesquin club and plays for us lesquin.
alessio romagnoli is in the italy national under-16 football team and manages a.c. milan.
alessio romagnoli is attached to the club ac sampdoria and plays for u.c. sampdoria.
alessio romagnoli plays for the italy national under-16 football team and plays for a.s. roma.
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for u.c. sampdoria and u.c. sampdoria.
alex plante, who was born in brandon, manitoba, is the birthplace of alex plante. anyang halla is the birthplace of alex plante.
alex plante, who was born in canada, is the sequel to alex plante.
alex tyus is a player in maccabi ashdod b.c. and plays for maccabi ashdod b.c.
alex tyus is a turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi ashdod b.c.
aleksandr prudnikov is found in the club fc tom tomsk and is attached to the club fc tom tomsk.
aleksandr prudnikov is a player for fc anzhi makhala and fc anzhi makhachkala.
aleksandr chumakov is a member of the club valery petrakov and played for the 2014-15 season in the russian premier league.
abel hernandez is a member of the uruguay olympic football team and the uruguay olympic football team.
aleksandr chumakov was born in russia and died in sergey sobyanin and died in sergey sobyanin.
abner (footballer) plays for brazil national under 20 football team and plays for brazil national under 20 football team.
abner (footballer) plays for both real madrid castilla and real madrid castilla.
alex tyus was born in greater st louis who was born in greater st louis and francis g slay.
the tennessee titans former team of akeem ayers is new england patriots, new england patriots.
akeem adams is part of the club palo seco and plays for the united petrotrin fc.
aaron hunt is in the 3 liga league and plays for sv werder bremen ii and plays for sv werder bremen ii.
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol club and is the manager of hull city afc and plays for hull city a.f.c.
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol club and plays for u.s. citt, di palermo.
abel hernandez is a member of the u.s. citt di palermo and plays for us citt di palermo and plays for us citt di palermo.
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island and was born in prince edward island and was born in prince edward island.
the general manager of boston bruins is don sweeney and the general manager of boston bruins is don sweeney.
akeem ayers was born in the city of tennessee titan and was born in 1989 and was born in the city of tennessee titan.
akeem dent was born in atlanta, georgia and was born in atlanta, georgia.
akeem dent was born in atlanta, georgia and was born in atlanta, georgia.
al kharaitiyat sc were managed by al kharaitiyat sc, which is in the al khoraitiyat sc and manages the al kharaitiyat sc. the club has been the manager of al kharaitiyat sc and manages al kharaitiyat sc.
al kharaitiyat sc were in the club al kharaitiyat sc, whose ground is in al khoraitiyat sc, whose ground is in al khoraitiyat sc, whose club is the iraq national under-23 football team.
al kharaitiyat sc were managed by al kharaitiyat sc, whose ground is in al khoraitiyat sc, whose ground is shabab all ordon club.
alan martin (footballer) was born in the crewe alexandra f.c. and was born in crewe alexandra f.c.
alan martin (footballer) was born in crewe alexandra f.c. and was born in crewe alexandra f.c.
aleksandr prudnikov was born in fc kuban krasnodar and was born in fc kuban krasnodar, fc dynamo moscow.
aleksandr prudnikov, which was born in the city of fc spartak moscow was born in the city of fc spartak moscow and has been the birth date fc spartak moscow.
aleksandre guruli has been the birthplace of aleksandre guruli who plays for fc karpaty lviv and has been the birthplace of aleksandre guruli.
alex plante was born in canada, 1989 and was born in canada and was born in canada, 1989.
alex plante, who was born in canada, was born in the canada in 1989.
aaron boogard was born in canada, which is lead by elizabeth ii.
aaron boogard was born in canada, which is lead by elizabeth ii and the asian canadians.
aaron boogard was born in canada, which is lead by elizabeth ii and the slavey language.
aleksandr prudnikov is found in rashid rakhimov, fc terek grozny who plays for rashid rakhimov, fc terek grozny.
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is aleksandr chumakov, which has been the chairman of fc torpedo moscow which played for the season 2014-2015.
houston texans is formerly known as texas and is a team of houston texans where houston texans is a city in the city of houston.
abel hernandez's manager is the uruguayan primera division and has been the manager of hull city afc and plays for hull city a.f.c.
19255 in the city of appointed the 2006-12-31, was perped in the 2006-12-31 kilometres and has a peripapity of 6603910000.
66063 in kilometres, has the orbital perion of 254989570, kilometres and has the orbital perion of 254989570.
the headquarters of 66063 served as a character in the kilometres in the 2013-11-04 served as a part of the 2013-11-04 served as a part of the 2013-11-04 served as a part of the 2013-11 kelvins and has a temperature of apoapside.
100 piazzia has an escape a total of 35249706-27 and is located in the city of the kilometreperseconds and has an escape 3524970000.
100 gaussia has the former name of sergey belyavsky and was formerly known as 100 gaussia which was formerly known as 100 gaussia.
walter baade was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade.
walter baade was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, whose alma mater was halton arp.
walter baade was designed by the university of gottingen and died in halton arp and died in halton arp and died in walter baade.
james craig watson was died in madison, wisconsin and died in madison, wisconsin and died in peritonitis.
james craig watson was died in madison, wisconsin and died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin and died in madison, wisconsin and died in peritonitis.
107 camilla is located in chennai and died in chennai. he died in chennai. he died in chennai.
107 camilla (born in nottingham) was died in chennai. he died in chennai.
the former name of 108 tama is 28874846 in tama which has a former name of 28874846 in the country.
108 tama played in the 2005-11-26 kilometres and was published in 2005-11-26.
109 vicia was published in the city of kilograms and has the orbital perion of 211592000.
109 felicitas has the escape 0.0473 kilometreperseconds and has the orbital period of 2806-12-31.
10 hygiea has a former name of 10 hygiea which has a former name of the 2015-06-27.
110 clematis was published in the 2006-12-31 kilometres and was published in 2006-12-31.
110 clematis was published in the 2006-12-31 in clematis which was formerly known as 18330900.
110 clematis is from the kilometreperseconds and was published in 2006-12-31.
120 dodge was designed by the transmission of viengine and has the transmission of viengine and has the transmission of vv engine.
the desoto firedome is the related mean of transportation of the desoto custom which has the related mean of transportation of chrysler newport and is the related mean of transportation of the desoto custom.
the aida cruises is owned by the aida cruises and is owned by the aida cruises and is owned by the aida cruises and owned by the aida cruises.
aida cruises is the operator of aidastella which is owned by the aida cruises and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company are the sequel to american locomotive company and is the sequel to american locomotive company.
the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company are the sequel to american locomotive company and is the sequel to american locomotive company.
the american locomotive company which was founded in the united states, is the location of the american locomotive company which was founded in the united states. the length of the locomotive company is the american locomotive company which was founded in the united states.
the builder of alco rs on the montreal locomotive works is the builder of alco rs which is the builder of alco rs.
the four stroke engine is the builder of alco rs which is the builder of alco rs which is the builder of alco rs.
the american motors matador was the alternative name for amc matador which is also known as amc matador, which is also known as amc vv engine.
amc matador is also known as amc straight-66engine and is also known as amc straight-66engine. the amc matador is also known as amc straight-66engine.
acura tlx play in the class mid size car and is the location of the acura tlx acura tlx which is associated with the class mid size car and honda k engine.
acura tlx is associated with the vv engine class and front engine design and the class of front engine design.
the builder of aleksey chirikov, icebreaker is the in service of icebreaker which is in the service of icebreaker.
the leader of finland is juha sipila and the leader of finland is juha sipila and the leader is juha sipila.
aleksey chirikov is the builder of aleksey chirikov, icebreaker, helsinki and is 21.2 metres long.
the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 is straight four engine and the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164.
the alfa romeo 1644 related mean of transportation is saab 9000 and has the related mean of transportation of the alfa romeo 164.
alhambra is located in alhambra, which has the ship beam of 63800.0 millimetres and has a length of 1855-05-31.
alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry and was founded in petrol and was founded in petrol.
alvis car and engineering company is the location of alvis car and engineering company where the alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry.
amc matador is from the american mootors which is fate of the american motors which is fate of the american motors which is fate of american motors.
the american submarine nro1 1969 in general dynamics electric boat is the builder of the american submarine nro 1969.
american submarine nro1 1969 is located in the american submarine nro1 and has a length of 45000.0 millimetres and has a length of 45000.0 millimetres and has a length of 45000.0 millimetres.
the maiden flight of antares include the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and the maiden flight is 2014-04-21.
the maiden flight of antares include the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and the maiden flight is 2013-09-18.
aston martin virage is in the united kingdom where the capital is london and the capital city is london.
aston martin vv, which has the related mean of transportation is aston martin dbs and has the related mean of transportation aston martin rhamo.
aston martin virage is the related mean of transportation of aston martin virage which is located at aston martin virage, aston martin virage and has the related mean of transportation aston martin virage.
atlas is in the cape canaveral air force station and is in the cape canaveral air force station.
audi a 1.2 class is located in the class of supermini and audi brussels.
audi and audi etron, is in the division of audi etron and is founded by audi etron and audi etron.
california is the owner of the aidaluna which was founded in california and was founded in california.
aida cruises is the operator of aidastella which is owned by the aida cruises and is owned by the aida cruises and owned by the aida cruises.
the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 is the launch site of delta ii which has the launch site of cape canaveral air force station.
delta ii is located in the united states and comparabed in the united states.
the related mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 is opel vectra and is the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164.
alfa romeo has the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164, which is located in sedan (automobile).
general dynamics electric boat is located in groton, connecticut, general dynamics electric boat.
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich and the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
the band member of the kids imagine nation, aaron bertram is associated with the kids imagine nation. the band member of suburban legends are brian robertson and suburban legends.
aaron deer originates from indiana and is found in indiana.
the aaron turner is from the region of sumac (band) where the genre aaron turner is sumac.
aaron turner was designed by the associated musical artist of aaron turner, who was born in old man gloom and was associated with the active year of start wear of post-metal.
electric guitar is the genre of aaron turner which is the genred by aaron turner which is located in sumac (band).
ace wilder was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer.
ace wilder was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer.
ace wilder was born in solo singer, and was born in solo singer, and was born in solo singer.
ace wilder was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer.
ahmet ertegun is located in the united states and is found in the united states. the background of ahmet ertegun is rhythm and blues.
ahmet ertegun is located in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
rhythm and blues was designed by the active years end year of albennie jones which has the genre blues and disco.
albennie jones was born in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
aleksandra kovay was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade.
aleksandra kova, which was born in the solo singer designed aleksandra kova, which was born in the city of serbia.
the associated musical artist of alex day is charlie mcdonnell and the charlie mcdonnell is the genre of alex day.
the associated musical artist of alex day is charlie mcdonnell and the charlie mcdonnell is the genre of alex day.
alfred garth jones was born in london and died in london.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the country of uruguay, where the leader is daniel martinez.
alfredo zitarrosa was designed by alfredo zitarrosa which is located in the rca record label who was born in the candombe ruguay.
the associated musical artist of alison o donnell is bajik and is associated with the flibbertigibbet. the artist of alison o donnell is bajik.
the head south by weaving is the genre of alison o donnell who were in the mellow candle and head south by weaving.
alison o donnell is a record label of deram records, which is located in london and is located in the record label with the floating world records.
alison o donnell is a record label of deram records, which is located in london and is located in the record label with the records.
allen forrest was born in the solo singer genre and was born in the solo singer genre.
allen forrest was born in the city of fort campbell, ky, raised in dothan, al and was born in the city of fort campbell, ky, raised in dothan, al.
alternative rock, which is located in punk rock, is the genre of alternative rock, which is genred by marry banilow.
tab benoit is the genre of the anders osborne which is associated with the billy iuso genre and galactic.
alligator records and shanachie records are the record label of anders osborne which is located in chicago.
andra (singer) was born in the singing singing and is the sequel to solo sing.
rhythm and blues was designed by rhythm and blues which has funk as its derivative.
the associated musical artist of andrew rayel is jonathan mendelsohn and has jonathan mendelsohn and trance music.
andrew rayel is associated with trance music which is associated with trance music which is associated with trance music. the genre of andrew rayel is christian burns.
the bandlassociated musical artist of andrew white (musician) is also known as a kaiser chiefs.
the bandlassociated musical artist of andrew white (musician) is marry banilow. the artist of andrew white (musician) is marry banilow.
agustin barboza has died in paraguay which is part of the gran asuncion and died in paraguay.
al anderson (nrbb band) is associated with the nrbq band.
hip hop music was designed by hip hop music whose genre is drum and bass.
alfred garth jones was born in england and greater manchester.
twilight is the genre of aaron turner which is associated with the house of low culture.
aaron turner is a type of death metal and has death metals as its musical artist.
rhythm and blues was born in blues in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the american civil war was born in the american civil war and was born in the american civil war and died in the purple heart and died in the purple heart.
aaron s. daggett is a member of the purple heart and died in the purple heart and died in the purple heart.
ab klink is affiliated with the erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mbas.
abdul taib mahmud is a resident of the parti pesaka bersatu. the residence is the parti pesaka bersatu. abdul taib mahmud is a resident of the parti pesaka bersatu.
abdul taib mahmud is a resident of the kingdom of sarawak and is the location of the residence of abdul taib mahmud which is part of the kingdom of sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and successor japanese occupation of british borneo.
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and successor as a japanese occupation of british borneo.
the branch of abdulsalami abubakar is oladipo diya and is the location of the abdulsalami abubakar.
abdulsalami is a branch of abdulsalami abubakar which is the successor of the abdulsalami abubakar which is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar.
abel caballero was born in the francisco franco and francisco franco and francisco franco.
abel caballero was born in galicia, spain. the abel caballero was born in galicia, spain.
abraham a ribicoff is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge and was born in magdalene college, cambridge and was born in magdalene college, cambridge.
the polish language is spoken in poland where the polish language is spoken and the polish language is spoken.
adam koc was part of new york city and died in the polish soviet war and died in commander joseph stalin.
adonis georgiadis (born in greece, is the birthplace of adonis georgiadis.
adonis georgiadis was born in the ministry of economy, development and tourism and worked at worked as a makis voridis.
adonis georgiadis (born in greece, is the birthplace of adonis georgiadis.
emile roemer is the currency in netherlands where the currency is the euro.
agnes kant is a national of the socialist party of netherlands where the leader is mark rutte.
emile roemer is the leader of netherlands where the leader is mark rutte and the leader is mark rutte.
the american agnes kant is part of the socialist party of netherlands where the leader is emile roemer.
airey neave was born in london and was born in london and was born in london and was born in london and was born in london.
airey neave was born in london and was born in london and was born in london and was born in london and was born in london.
airey neave is a chiang kai shek and commanded by royal artillery. the commander of which is world war ii.
william m. o. dawson was the birthplace of albert b. white, which was born in the william m. o. dawson and died in cleveland.
albert b. white was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york, where the french language is spoken and the commander is abraham lincoln.
the american civil war was born in new york city and died in jefferson davis and died in jefferson davis.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in staten island and died in staten island.
alberto teisaire is part of the juan peron and died in buenos aires, where juan peron is a leader.
the provisional president of the argentine senate born alberto teisaire is the provisional president of the argentine senate and was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfred moore scales (born in the reidsville, north carolina, was born in the reidsville, north carolina.
alfred n. phillips was written by member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticut, in the member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticuts and worked at and worked as a connecticut which was office that was written by member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticut's army.
alfred n. phillips was written by the democratic party of the member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticut, in the member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticut, in the member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticuts and worked at and worked as a connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was written in the democratic party of democratic party, democratic party, democratic party, democratic party, democratic party, democratic party (united states).
the governor of texas is the birthplace of allan shivers who was born in lufkin, texas. he was born in lufkin, texas.
the governor of texas is the birthplace of allan shivers who was born in wilfred r. cousins jr. he was born in wilfred r. cousins jr.
the secretary of state of vermont is the largest city in vermont which is in vermont where the largest city is burlington, vermont.
alvah sabin is a food found in whig party (united states) and has daniel webster as a leader.
the american civil war was awarded the american civil war and commanded by robert e. lee and commanded by robert e. lee.
alberto teisaire is from the labour party (argentina) in argentina.
juan peron was born in mendoza, argentina and successor as juan peron who was born in mendoza, argentina.
the aida cruises is owned by the costa crociere which is owned by carnival corporation and plc and operated by the aida cruises which is owned by the costa crociere which was operated by the aida cruises.
aida cruises is the operator of aidastella which is 32.2 millimetres and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company are the cylinder of alco rs which is located in the american locomotive company and has a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company is the builder of alco rs which is the location of the alco rs-3 which has 12 american locomotive company.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the american motors matador was the alternative name for amc matador which is also known as amc matador, which is also known as amc matador, which is also known as amc vv engine.
alhambra is located in the company london and is owned by samuda brothers and samuda brothers.
amc matador is from the american motors which is fate of the american motors which is fate of the american motors which is fate of american motors.
american submarine nro1 1969 is located in the american submarine nro1 and has a length of 4,5000.0 metres and was published in 1969 and has a length of 45000.0 metres.
the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad (abbreviated to mid-atlantic regional spaceport) is associated with the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0.
the maiden flight of antares is called the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad and the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and the maiden is the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0.
the maiden flight of antares is called the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad and the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and the maiden flight is 2.9 metres.
ariane has the maiden flight of "airbus defence and space, and was designed by the airbus defence and space. the maiden is guiana space centre.
arianespace is operated by the arianespace operated by the french guiana and is operated by the arianespace operated by the arianespace which is operated by the arianespace operated by arianespace.
aston martin vantage is the related mean of transportation of aston martin vantage, aston martin vantage and aston martin vantage.
aston martin vv, which has the related mean of transportation is "aston martin bs" and is the location of the related mean of transportation of aston martin vv which is asson martin dbs.
aston martin virage is located in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
audi a1 is a front engine front engine, front engine, front-wheel drive layout and is a front engine front engine, front-wheel drive layout. the book is from the class of supermini.
audi is a founded by the division of audi etron and is founded by audi etron and audi etron.
the aida cruises was founded in california and was founded in california. it is owned by aida cruises and was founded in california.
the aida cruises was founded in the united states and was founded in the united states.
the aida cruises was founded in the united states and was founded in the united states.
aida cruises is the parent company of costa crociere, which is owned by the costa crociere which is owned by the costa crociere which was operated by the aida cruises. the costa crociere is owned by the carnival corporation and plc.
the builder of finland is juha sipila and the leader of finland is juha sipila and the leader of finland is juha sipila.
the capital of germany is berlin and the capital city is berlin and the capital city is berlin.
the leader of germany is andreas voakuhle and the capital city is berlin and the capital city is berlin.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol club and plays for u.s. citt, di palermo and plays for us citt di palermo.
aleksandr chumakov is a member of the soviet union national football team and died in fc torpedo moscow, which is a member of the club valery petrakov. aleksandr chumakov is a member of the club valery petrakov.
aleksandre guruli has been the chairman of the club olympique lyonnais and plays for parc olympique lyonnais, which is the home ground of olympique lyonnais.
alessio romagnoli has been the manager of a c milan and plays for u.c. sampdoria and plays for u.c. sampdoria.
alessio romagnoli is in the italy national under-17 football team and is a member of the sinisa mihan club a.c. milan.
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol club and plays for us citt di palermo and plays for us citt di palermo.
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the gadzhi gadziyev club and has been the chairman of fc amkar perm who plays for sergey rodionov.
the chairman of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov. the club has been the chairman of fc terek grozny who plays for sergey rodionov.
aleksandr prudnikov is found in rashid rakhimov, fc terek grozny who plays for both rashid rakhimov and fc terek grozny.
aleksandr chumakov is a member of the soviet union national football team and the soviet union national football team and the soviet union national football team.
the manager of ferencvarosi tc played for the united petrotrin fc and plays for the united petrotrin f.c.
the manager of ferencvarosi tc are gabor kubatov and the united petrotrin fc.
19255 in kilograms, was perped in the 2006-12-31 in kilograms and has the orbital perion of 6603910000.
james craig watson was designed by james craig watson who died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson was designed by james craig watson and died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson was a student at the university of michigan and died in madison, wisconsin and died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson died in peritonitis.
walter baade was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade. walter baade was born in walter baade. walter baade was born in walter baade. walter baade was born in walter baade. walter baade was born in walter baade. walter baade was born in walter baade. walter baade was born in walter baade. walter baade was born in walter baade
walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade.
walter baade was born in walter baade, which has the alma mater of "university of gottingen and germany.
james craig watson was designed by james craig watson who died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson was died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson was died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson was died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson was died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson was died in madison, wisconsin.
107 camilla is located in the city of b. zellner and has a total of 560937000.0 (kilometres).
107 camilla is located at c. woods and has a leader of the 2006-12-31 in kilometres and has a peried by the apopais 560937000.0 kilometres.
107 camilla is located at 2368.05 kilometres and was published in the country of f. vilas. it has a peripapity of 560937000.0 (kilometres).
107 camilla is located in england and has died in chennai. he died in chennai and died in chennai.
108 tama has a former name of 1202.846 called 108 tama which has a former name of the 2005-11-26 and has a former name of the 2005-11-26.
110 clematis is a dish from 110 clematis which was published in the 2006-12-31 kilograms and was published in 2006-12-31.
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 17342600.0 (kilometres) and has a temperature of 17342600.0 kilometres.
abdul taib mahmud is a resident of the parti pesaka bersatu and was born in the region of kuching and was born on the 21st of january 1936.
abdul taib mahmud (born in demak jaya, jalan bako, kuching, sarawak) was born in demak jaya, jalan bako, kuching, sarawak.
the abdulsalami abubakar was designed by the atiku abubakar branch at the atiku abubakar and was born in oladipo diya.
the abdulsalami abubakar is based in the oladipo diya in office while vice president of abdulsalami abubakar which is predecessor of the abdulsalami abubakar.
abraham a ribicoff was born in the united states and died in connecticut, in the united states.
the united states secretary of health, education, and welfare is the birthplace of abraham a ribicoff which was born in new york city and deploy the democratic party (united states secretary of health, education, and welfare.
abraham a ribicoff is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
adam holloway was born in the member of parliament for gravesham and was born in the member of parliament for gravesham and is office born in the member of parliament for gravesham.
adam holloway was born in faversham, kent, england and was born in faversham, kent, england and was designed by the conservative party (uk).
adonis georgiadis (born in the konstantinos mitsotakis) was born in greece.
the nationality of agnes kant is the house of representatives, netherlands where the leader is mark rutte.
the nationality of agnes kant is the house of representatives, netherlands where the leader is mark rutte.
the nationality of agnes kant is the socialist party of netherlands where the leader is mark rutte.
albert b. white was born in parkersburg, west virginia and was born in parkersburg, west virginia and was born in parkersburg, west virginia.
william m. o. dawson was the birthplace of albert b white who was born in the william m. o. dawson and died in cleveland.
albert b. white was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland.
albert b. white was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland.
alberto teisaire is part of the labour party and died in buenos aires, whose leader is horacio rodriguez larreta.
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina and was born in mendoza, argentina and was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfons gorbach is part of the austrian peoples party and died in styria and died in styria.
alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in styria and died in styria.
alvah sabin is a vermont found in the region of vermont, illinois, where the largest city is burlington, vermont who died in vermont.
alvah sabin was born in burlington in vermont which is located in the state of vermont which is located in the city of burlington and vermont who died in vermont.
the american civil war is part of the american civil war and is the location of the american civil war, which is part of the american civil war, which is part of the american civil war, which is part of the american civil war.
the american civil war was published in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
alberto teisaire is a party of eva peron, whose labour party is the nationality of alberto teisaire.
the band member of suburban legends are brian robertson and the band member of the kids imagine nation.
aaron deer is a united states citizen who was indiana in indiana.
the united states is the genre of aaron turner which was designed by the associated musical artist of aaron turner which was originally from the united states.
aaron turner was designed by the associated musical artist of the sludge metal and was designed by the associated musical artist of the sludge metal and was designed by the associated musical artist of aaron turner.
abradab is associated with the musical artist of abradab which was born in the city of abradab which was born in the city of abradab.
ace wilder was born in singing and was born in singing and was born in singing and was born in singing and was born in singing.
ace wilder was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer.
hip hop music was designed by hip hop music which is from the gangsta rap stylistic origin, hip hop music which has drum and bass as the derivative.
hip hop music was designed by hip hop music which is from the genre of drum and bass and drum and bass.
the associated musical artist of al anderson (nrbq band) was born in windsor, connecticut, in 1966.
the nrb band associated musical artist of al anderson (nrbq band) is from the music fusion genre.
alan frew was born in newmarket, ontario and originates from the canada and singer.
aleksandra kovay was born in the city of serbia and was born in the city of serbia and was born in the city of serbia.
aleksandra kovay is associated with the kornelije kovan and is associated with the kornelije kovan and is associated with the kornelije kovan and was associated with the kornelije kovan.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in london where the leader is boris johnson and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in london where the leader is the european parliament.
the alison o donnell was written by folk music of ireland and is associated with the floating world records and is associated with the floating world records. the artist of alison o donnell is mellow candle.
alison o donnell was designed by the record label for the alison o donnell which is located in the stanyan records and is located in the stanyan records and is located in the stanyan records.
alison o is the derivative of the folk music destination in jazz which has the stylistic origin of folk music.
alison o is the derivative for the jazz blues and the stylistic origin of the stylistic dish of the blues.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama, and was born in dothan, alabama.
the associated musical artist of anders osborne (associated by voice of the wetlands all-stars) is associated with the voice of the wetlands all stars.
the associated musical artist of anders osborne (associated by billy iuso) was associated with tab benoit.
andra (singer) was born in the singer, reality television judge.
andra (singer) was born in romania and was born in romania.
the associated musical artist of andrew rayel is armin van buuren, bobina, alexandre popov, jano, alexandre bergheau, jonny rose, sylvia tosun, lira yin, alexandre bergheau, jano, alexandre bergheau, jonny rose, sylvia tosun, lira yin, alexandre popov, jano, alexandre bergheau, jonny rose, sylvia tosun, lira yin, alexandre popov, jano, alexandre bergheau, jonny rose, sylvia tosun, lira yin, alexan
andrew rayel was born in chistian burns and was born in chistian burns and was born in chistian burns.
andrew rayel was born in chisinau, moldova and was born in chisinau, moldova and was born in chisinau, moldova.
the bandlassociated musical artist of andrew rayel is christian burns and is associated with trance musical artist john digweed.
the associated musical artist of andrew white (musician) is marry banilow. the artist of andrew white (musician) is b unique records.
hip hop music was designed by hip hop music whose genre is drum and bass.
hip hop music was designed by hip hop music whose genre is drum and bass.
alfred garth jones was born in london whose leader is the parliament of the uk.
agustin barboza was born in paraguay which is lead by juan afara and died in paraguay which is lead by juan afara.
polydor records and bunique records are the record label for andrew white (musician) which is located in london.
andrew white is the genre of alternative rock which is located in london and is the location of the alternative rock, which is located in london.
rock music is from the country music which is located in guitar, country music and contains the stylistic origin of guitar.
rock music is from the country music which has banjo as an instrument.
aaron turner is from the old man gloom and death metal and is associated with the black metal and died in black metal.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the country of uruguay where the leader is rayl fernando sendic rodriguez.
