abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
18l/36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct.
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
the runway length of al-taqaddum air base is 3684.0.
the runway name of alderney airport is 14/32.
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12.
18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol.
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt.
06/24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county, texas.
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896.
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt.
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439.0.
the runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is 518.0.
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport.
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11/29.
the owner of atlantic city international airport is the south jersey transportation authority.
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13/31.
the dutch language is spoken in belgium.
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil.
danes is the name given to danes.
fallujah is in iraq.
greenville is in the united states.
greenville is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq.
madrid is in spain.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the united states.
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan.
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey.
houston is the largest city in texas.
the united states air force was bombing of libya in 1986.
boeing c-17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
carrol county maryland is southeast of adams county.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister.
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
250 delaware avenue is postmodern architecture.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler.
the building of 320 south boston building began in 1910.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms.
the architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain.
adisham hall is located in haputale.
the akita museum of art is located in japan.
alan b. miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary.
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539.
julia morgan is the architect of the asilomar conference grounds.
the architecture of asilomar conference grounds is "arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows".
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city.
buffalo new york is part of erie county, new york.
byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
county limerick is part of munster.
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh.
mulatu teshome is a leader in ethiopia.
indian people are from india.
julia morgan is the los angeles herald examiner building.
live nation entertainment is located in california.
manhattan is part of new york.
new york city is part of new netherland.
pacific grove, california is part of california.
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
the isbn number of 1634: the ram rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion.
1634: the ram rebellion can be found in print.
aids (journal) is from the united kingdom.
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
a long long way is written in english.
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars.
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025-5858.
garth nix is the author of above the veil.
above the veil is available in print.
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567-7920.
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978.
addiction (journal) has the discipline of addiction.
the english language is spoken in aenir.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states.
the english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians.
the american journal of mathematics discipline is math.
english is the language of castle.
eric flint was born in burbank california.
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
a glastonbury romance is one of john cowper powys.
soho press is in the united states.
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
english is spoken in the united states.
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to weymouth sands.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
a.d. isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division.
the full name of a.f.c. blackpool is association football club blackpool.
a.f.c. blackpool's ground is the mechanics.
a.f.c. blackpool is in blackpool.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
aek athens f.c.'s ground is in athens.
aek athens f.c. were in the football league (greece).
the azal arena is located in baku.
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar were in the eredivisie in 2014-15.
akron, ohio is located within the united states.
akron, ohio is located in summit county, ohio.
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault.
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan.
christian panucci played for chelsea f.c.
christian panucci plays for inter milan.
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona.
gubbio is located in umbria.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy.
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b.c.
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
peter stöger plays for 1. fc koln.
rolando maran plays for f.c. bari 1908.
jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is located in the united states.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba.
b.m. reddy is the president of acharya institute of technology.
mahe, india is northwest of kerala.
meride is the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio.
bucharest is the capital of romania.
thomas pallesen designed school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16,000 students.
alan bean is an american.
buzz aldrin is a backup pilot of apollo 8.
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963.
benitoite is the gemstone of california.
elliot see died in 1966.02-28.
elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see is dead.
april o'neal was created by kevin eastman.
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc.
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski.
bill oddie was born in lancashire.
jon valor is also known as black pirate.
john buscema won the eisner award.
karl kesel is an american.
marv wolfman was awarded the kirby award.
the nationality of peter laird is united states.
scott adsit was born in northbrook, illinois.
the area codes for albany, georgia is 229.
albany is part of the united states.
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the mayor.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is new mexico house of representatives.
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is new mexico.
amarillo, texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
amarillo is part of randall county, texas.
anderson is part of richland township, madison county, indiana.
angola, indiana is 324m above sea level.
the area codes for antioch, california is 925.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california.
the population density of arlington, texas is 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed.
atlantic city, new jersey has a total area of 44.15 square kilometres.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
attica, indiana is located in indiana.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama.
the total area of auburn, washington is 77.41 square kilometres.
austin is part of texas.
the spanish language is spoken in california.
dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county, georgia.
fulton county, georgia is located in the united states.
anderson is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
michigan is located within the united states.
detroit is the largest city in michigan.
orange county, california is located within the united states.
portland oregon is the largest city in oregon.
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county, texas.
barack obama is the leader of the united states.
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol.
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
chili pepper is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce.
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre.
arros negre is from the catalonia region.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore.
tomato is an ingredient in a blt.
baked alaska comes from hong kong.
bakewell pudding has warm or cold.
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region.
barny cakes have 30 g of first.
batagor is a variation of batagor.
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
beef kway teow comes from indonesia.
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji.
taro is an ingredient in binignit.
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico.
bionico is from the jalisco region.
chicken is bird.
the indian rupee currency is the indian rupee.
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india.
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia.
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco.
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia.
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico.
spanish is spoken in new york.
shumai is in china.
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay.
the malays are an ethnic group in sumatra.
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick, maryland.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
albany is part of oregon, where oregon is the capital.
albuquerque is in new mexico, in the united states.
amarillo is part of texas, united states.
anaheim, california is part of california in california.
the united states is the country of orange county, california.
adams township, madison county, indiana is part of adams township, madison county, indiana, united states.
antioch, california elevation above the sea level in antioch, california, is 75.324 square kilometres.
arlington is the area of arlington, texas and has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
arlington is part of texas, united states.
atlanta is located in the united states, georgia.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city, new jersey is in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
the total population density of atlantic city, new jersey, is 1421.2 square kilometres.
auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington, united states.
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the capital is washington d.c.
amarillo, texas is in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
albuquerque, new mexico is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group.
auburn, alabama is located in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where english is the spoken language.
albuquerque is located in the united states where the title of the leader is known as the president.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy.
arem-arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce is the main ingredient of asam pedas which is from indonesia.
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and malaysia.
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from sausage.
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
a variation of a bacon sandwich is bread.
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from france.
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader.
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the united states.
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding.
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia.
celery is a member of the family of apiaceae.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from colombian cuisine.
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader.
batagor is a food found in indonesia.
batagor and siomay are variations of the same dish.
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore.
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
bhajji comes from india where the people are known as indians.
bhajji comes from india where the leader is t s thakur.
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group.
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and the main ingredient is banana.
the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potato.
bionico is a food found in mexico, where enrique pena nieto is a leader.
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region.
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
bakso is a dish from indonesia, where joko widodo is the leader.
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai which is a variation of shumai.
aarhus lufthavn a/s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh.
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
al asad airbase is in iraq where the language is arabic.
the united states air force fought battles in the invasion of grenada and operates al asad airbase.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt surface.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schipol is 3800 metres above sea level and has a length of 3800 metres.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and serves the city of amsterdam.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam, has a runway length of 3300.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city.
the angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
the runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae. the 3rd runway is made of poaceae.
the length of the first runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet and is 211 metres above sea level.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport which has a runway named 4/22.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero, brasilia.
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014-15.
verona, italy is the home to a.c. chievo verona which has 39371 members.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran which was born in italy. rolando maran was born in italy.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for blackburn rovers f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for irlam town football club.
afc fylde's ground is in lancashire and has 3180 members.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio.
a.s. livorno calcio play in serie b.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a.s. roma.
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f.c.
acf fiorentina full name is acf fiorentina s.p.a. and has 47290 members.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and their ground is in greece.
aek athens f.c. is in the superleague of greece.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is sportpark de toekomst, tenanted by jong ajax.
azal pfk is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season.
gubbio is located in the region of gubbio, umbria.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where pietro grasso is the leader.
luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma. luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
virginia demarce is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which was written by virginia demarce.
aip advances has the abbreviation of "aip adv." and the issn number is "aip adv.".
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and is available in print form.
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance was followed by weymouth sands and a glastonbury romance.
a long long way was published in print & paperback.
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press whose parent company is penguin random house.
a loyal character dancer was published in print and is available in print.
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735.
a severed wasp was written in the english language which is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science and business media.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature in fantasy literature.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
the author of alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
am. j. math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which is abbreviated to am. j. math.
johns hopkins university press is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics which is published by johns hopkins university press.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba, alba.
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, bangalore.
the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai.
the leader of kerala is kochi.
the comic book character april o'neal was created by peter laird.
jill shilling starred in bananaman.
graeme garden stars in bananaman which stars graeme garden.
tim brooke-taylor, born in derbyshire, starred in bananaman.
big hero 6 stars alan tudyk and the first appeared in the film big hero 6.
big hero 6 stars scott adsit and starred scott adsit.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which is a character in big hero 6.
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mckenzie.
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and marv wolfman.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and bo bibbowski.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in retired.
alan shepard was a test pilot who was a test pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. in 1962.
108 st. georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 public square is located in the united states and has 45 floors.
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, it has 60 floors.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler which is in the united states.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at east link bridge.
the 3arena is located in dublin, company populous.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in copenhagen.
adare manor was designed by george richard pain and completed in 1862.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick, county limerick.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and is the location of adisham hall.
akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group.
the address of akita museum of art is 1-4-2 nakadori and the address of akita museum of art.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, gujarat, gujarat, gujarat.
ampara hospital is in eastern province, sri lanka, where austin fernando is the leader.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, united states.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new york city.
adare manor is located in county limerick, munster.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and is now retired.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin was born in massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963. he graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin.
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st. louis.
elliot see died in st. louis where francis g slay is the leader.
elliot see died in st. louis on february 28, 1966.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space.
1634: the bavarian crisis is available in print and has 448 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair and was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair.
alexander l. wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery whose headquarters are in new york city. the leader of the computing machinery is alexander l. wolf.
the aids journal has the issn number 0269-9370 and the issn number 0269-9370.
the aids journal has the issn number 1473-5571 and the issn number 1473-5571.
the editor of aip advances is a.t. charlie johnson who resides in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones, has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number of 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover and has 388 pages.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abbreviated to abh. math. semin. univ. hambg.
above the veil was followed by above the veil and was followed by above the veil.
aenir was followed by above the veil, which was followed by above the veil.
garth nix is the author of above the veil and is 248 pages long.
the acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol) is acta palaeontol. pol.
addiction (journal) has the issn number 1360-0443 and the issn number of 1360-0443.
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley-blackwell, which has the issn number 0965-2140 and the issn number 0965-2140.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
above the veil followed the book aenir which was followed by above the veil.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken.
john cowper powys was born in shirley, derbyshire and died in shirley, derbyshire. john cowper powys was born in shirley, derbyshire. john cowper powys was born in shirley, derbyshire.
sara miller mccune founded sage publications which has the issn number 0001-8392.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states, where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for 1. fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
the full name of a.c. lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa and they have 4150 members.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is in the town of efxeinoupoli.
a.f.c. blackpool has 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool. they have 1500 members.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton and has been the manager of afc blackpool.
dave challinor manages the a.f.c. fylde and plays for colwyn bay f.c.
a.s. livorno calcio has 19238 members and their ground is in livorno, italy.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci and is the manager of a.s. livorno calcio.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea f.c. and real madrid cf.
aek athens f.c. play in the superleague greece, the champions of which are olympiacos fc.
aek athens are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea f.c.
amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for istanbulspor a.ş.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca.
luciano spalletti played for udinese calcio and manages a.s. roma.
massimo drago played for the club ss chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
massimo drago played for us castrovillari calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u.s chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row, who was born in birmingham.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio where the leader is frank g jackson.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and is located in the united states.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler and has 22 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark is the marriott international hotel which has 23 floors.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors.
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin, who was born in bloomsbury and the palace of westminster.
the architect of adare manor was philip charles hardwick and was completed in 1862 and was completed in 1862.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in haputale, was completed in 1931.
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader.
the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
the mason school of business is located in the united states and the current tenants are the mason school of business.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the riverside art museum and the riverside art museum.
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the chinatown in san francisco.
asilomar conference grounds are located in asilomar blvd, pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a, manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham which is lead by the liberal democrats.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where hailemariam desalegn is the leader.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, ahmedabad, gujarat.
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda, maryland.
albany is located in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albuquerque, new mexico, has a population density of 1142.3 square kilometres and has a population density of 1142.3 square kilometres.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the capital city is washington d.c.
anaheim, california has a total area of 657 and 714, and a total area of 657, 714.
the california state senate is located in the california state capitol and is located in california.
anderson, indiana is part of the lafayette township, madison county, indiana.
angola is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, united states where asian americans are an ethnic group.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california in the united states house of representatives.
arlington is part of tarrant county, texas, united states.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the area of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometres and has a total area of 1299.0 square kilometres of atlanta.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of newark, newark, in the united states. the largest city in new jersey is newark.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states where the largest city is new york city.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama in lee county, alabama.
the capital of the united states is washington d.c. and the capital is washington d.c.
auburn, washington is part of the state of olympia, washington state.
albany is located in the u.s. state of georgia, which is part of dougherty county, georgia.
madison county, indiana is located in madison county, indiana, in the united states. madison county, indiana is part of anderson, indiana.
the capital of new jersey is trenton, new jersey which is part of the united states.
houston is the largest city in texas where the largest city is houston.
attica, indiana is part of the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
the capital of the united states is washington d.c. and fountain county is in indiana.
akron, ohio is located in the united states, where english is spoken.
akron, ohio is part of summit county, ohio, united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
albany is located in oregon, which is part of benton county, oregon, united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
barack obama is the leader of the united states where albuquerque is located in the united states.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group.
aarhus lufthavn a/s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway named 10r/28l which is 2776.0 metres long.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and serves the city of lake placid, new york.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is found in paracuellos de jarama, spain.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force and operated by the indian air force.
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877.0.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are in pakistan.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, usa.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
andrews county airport is located 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is the language spoken.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the demonym is tejano.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is the language spoken.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which is headquartered in new jersey and headquartered in new jersey.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
lahore is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, where the leader party is ahora madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, spain.
san sebastian de los reyes is located in san sebastian de los reyes, spain.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, united states where the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan where the capital is baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the atatürk monument is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara.
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
arem-arem is a javanese dish that contains the main ingredients of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region of italy. it contains olive oil.
arrabbiata sauce is from the country of italy and it contains tomatoes.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where arifin zakaria is the leader.
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader.
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from the country of france, new york.
baked alaska is from france where manual valls and manuel valls are leaders.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from the united states. christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where bakewell pudding is a dessert.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region where the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and contains hogao.
barny cakes can be found in france where manual valls is a leader.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore, where the leader is tony tan.
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the currency is the indian rupee.
banana is an ingredient in binignit along with banana as an ingredient.
sago is an ingredient of binignit along with sago.
taro is an ingredient in binignit which contains taro and cookies.
the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potato (of the order of solanales).
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico.
bionico is a food found in the guadalajara region of mexico. it contains raisins.
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the mexican peso.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy, where rome is the capital.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where the leader is tony tan.
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
awh engineering college in kerala, india has an academic staff of 250.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the awh engineering college is located in kerala, india. kerala has mahe, india to its northwest.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are leaders in romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which was established in 1928.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928.
albert uderzo is the creator of the comic character, asterix, a comic character created by albert uderzo.
tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc. tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman.
big hero 6 stars in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
big hero 6 stars in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter.
the comic character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino.
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn.
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and ernie colon.
103 colmore row in birmingham was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the capital is cape town and the asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states. the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and is located in buffalo, new york, and has 12 floors.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
300 north lasalle in illinois, was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is located in copenhagen, which has 23 floors.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick, munster.
akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan, where the filipinos are an ethnic group.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall in williamsburg, virginia and was completed on 1st june 2009.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where the leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a, manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, which is part of manhattan, which is part of manhattan.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, united states. the leader of manhattan is gale brewer.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham which is lead by andrew mitchell.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham, which is lead by the labour party (uk).
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where the leader is sumitra mahajan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where the leader is narendra modi.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where 20 fenchurch street is located.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president of the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan, where the capital is baku and the leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield which is located in the monocacy national battlefield which is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland.
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the ataturk monument is located in izmir, turkey.
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument (izmir) which was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
albany is located in the united states where the language is english and the language is english.
albuquerque, new mexico has a total area of 1142.3 square kilometres of land and has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states and is part of atlanta in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas, united states where the capital is washington d.c. african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
amarillo, texas is part of potter county, texas in the united states.
the california state assembly is the location of the california state assembly which is part of the california state capitol and is the location of the california state assembly. anaheim, california is part of california.
anderson, indiana has a population density of 107.43 square kilometres and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and a total area of 107.43 square kilometres.
angola, indiana is located in indiana, in the united states.
antioch, california has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
the mayors of atlantic city, new jersey has a population density of 1421.2 square kilometres, atlantic city, new jersey, has 609 area codes 1421.2 square kilometres.
auburn, alabama is located in lee county, alabama in lee county, alabama, in the united states.
lee county, alabama is located in lee county, alabama in lee county, alabama, in the united states.
auburn is part of the king county in washington, in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
auburn, washington is part of the king county in washington in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
austin is part of hays county, texas where houston is the largest city in texas.
the california state assembly is the location of the california state assembly which is part of the california state capitol. chinese is spoken in california.
the united states is the county seat of fulton county, georgia in the united states. the united states is the county seat of fulton county, georgia.
lafayette township, madison county, indiana is part of the lafayette township, madison county, indianapolis.
houston is the largest city in texas where the largest city is houston. english is spoken in texas.
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states where the capital city is washington d.c.
barack obama is the leader of the united states where albuquerque is located in the united states.
john sanchez is a leader in the united states where albuquerque is located in the united states.
albany is a city in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albuquerque is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 and 1. fc union berlin.
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by rolando maran, who was born in italy, has managed ac chievo verona.
michele marcolini has been the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino f.c. and a.c. chievo verona.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members and play in the antonis milionis.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county fc and is the manager of afc blackpool.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is gordon marsden and the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden and the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members.
afc fylde played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for maccabi tel aviv f.c. and inter milan.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and played in the superleague greece in the 2014 season.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n.v. and is owned by afc ajax n.v.
afc ajax (amateurs) competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season.
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both afc ajax and vitesse arnhem.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in alagoas.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school in akron, summit county, ohio, united states.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella.
peter stöger is attached to the club fc admira wacker mödling and has been the manager of 1. fc köln and plays for fc admira wacker modling.
abilene, texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway named 17l/35r.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and serves the city of lake placid, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the runway name is 18l/36r and is 3500 metres long.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force, is the operating organisation for agra airport.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway named 09/27 buitenveldertbaan.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam, has a runway length of 2014.0 and is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 929 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the capital is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where english is spoken.
angola international airport serves luanda and is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in ashgabat, turkmenistan.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, united states. the leader of atlantic city, new jersey is don guardian.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority which is lead by stephen dilts and is the owner of the atlantic city international airport.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the french language is spoken.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, essex county, new york, united states.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the order of commelinids.
rona fairhead is the key person for bbc which is the location of the bbc which is located in the broadcasting house in london. the bbc was broadcast by the bbc radio.
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling and starred jill shilling.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter.
the comic character bolt was created by both gary cohn and the puerto rican national, ernie colon.
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al. it has 512 pages and is available in e book.
the aids journal is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer and the leader is elizabeth ii.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number of 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where english is the language spoken.
a wizard of mars was published in hardcover and has 560 pages.
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of "acta math. hungar." and the issn number is 0236-5294.
the acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol) is academically focused on paleobiology and has the issn number 0567-7920.
the polish academy of sciences is the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica which has the issn number 1732-2421 and the lccn number of 60040714.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
cornell university in ithaca, new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
aenir is available in paperback and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the african americans are an ethnic group.
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which was first published by johns hopkins university press in the united states.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states, where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the leader is barack obama.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader of the united states.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and spent 100305.0 minutes in space.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy, which is higher than the nasa operated apollo 14.
william anders was born in british hong kong where frank borman was a representative of british hong kong.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963. he served as a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in edwin eugene aldrin jr. he was a crew member of nasa's apollo 11 crew.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which has died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
william anders was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor, india.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai and is governed by the international tennis federation which is governed by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, alba county, romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus, denmark where the leader is lars løkke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, kerala, kerala has 250 academic staff.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania.
tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso.
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers is an ingredient in arros negre which is from the catalonia region of spain.
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is the parliament of catalonia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian malay are an ethnic group.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra. malays and malays are ethnic groups in sumatra.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk, where the bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich.
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce and comes from the united kingdom and is a traditional dish from the united kingdom.
baked alaska comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
one of the main ingredients of baked alaska is meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and is from the united states.
meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which is a dish from france, the united states or china.
meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which is a dish from hong kong and is from hong kong.
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding and contains fruit preserves.
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries.
ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which comes from indonesia.
bandeja paisa includes red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is francois hollande.
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of siomay and shumai.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and singapore. the main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore, where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia. kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow.
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of india.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of the karnataka region of the karnataka region.
sweet potato belongs to the solanales order of plants and is an ingredient in binignit which comes from the order solanales.
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines. the main ingredients are coconut milk and coconut milk.
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico.
sour cream, chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut are the main ingredients of bionico, a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
tony tan is a leader in singapore where ayam penyet is a traditional dish from singapore.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the language spoken is philippine spanish.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the igorot people.
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken.
binignit is a dessert from the philippines where philippine english is spoken.
1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette ii.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the novel into battle followed above the veil which was preceded by the novel castle.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the president of the united states and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634: the ram rebellion was written in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where the language is english and the language spoken is english.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is known as the president.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the largest city is fulton county, georgia.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas, united states where the capital is washington d.c. and english is spoken.
amarillo, texas is part of potter county in texas where the capital is austin.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas in the united states, where the capital is austin.
fall creek township, madison county, indiana is located in the united states and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres.
california is part of contra costa county, california, where the leader is san francisco bay area.
the area of atlanta is 347.9 square kilometres of atlanta which has a total area of 1299.0 square kilometres of land.
attica is a city in logan township, fountain county, indiana, has a total area of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometres) and has a total area of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
alabama is located in lee county, alabama, which is part of lee county, alabama in lee county, alabama.
auburn, washington is part of the king county in washington, in the united states and has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
williamson county, texas is part of williamson county, texas where the largest city is georgetown, texas.
austin is part of hays county, texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
austin is part of hays county, texas where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston.
alexandria, indianapolis is part of madison county, indianapolis. alexandria, indianapolis is part of madison county, indianapolis.
the county seat of texas is spanish and the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
the largest city in tarrant county, texas is tarrant county, texas, united states. austin is the capital of texas.
the capital of the united states is washington d.c. and white americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
angola, indiana is part of the steuben county in indiana, in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
lee county, alabama is located in lee county, alabama, in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
lee county, alabama is located in the united states where opelika is part of lee county, alabama.
the native americans are an ethnic group in new jersey where native americans are an ethnic group in new jersey.
albuquerque, new mexico is part of new mexico, in the united states where barack obama is the leader.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where americans are one of the ethnic groups.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where barack obama is the president. akron, ohio is part of summit county, ohio.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property and is categorised as a contributing property.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the atatürk monument is located in izmir, turkey, where the largest city is istanbul and the largest city is istanbul.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india was established in 2001.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where the largest city is mumbai and the largest city is mumbai.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus, which has mols to its northeast and is affiliated with the european university association which has mols to its northeast.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and the american, duncan rouleau.
michele marcolini has been the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908 and vicenza calcio.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who played for chesterfield football club and plays for stockport county f.c.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where sergio mattarella and s.s. robur siena are champions.
the olympic stadium (athens) is the home ground of aek athens fc and is located in the real zaragoza club and plays for real zaragoza.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is pietro grasso and the leader is pietro grasso.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the official language is italian and the official language is italian.
arem-arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java. indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, where the malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia.
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area, in the united states. the main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d.c. and white americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk where the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce.
baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gérard larcher.
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the antioquia department region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is francois hollande.
batagor comes from indonesia, where the leader is joko widodo and shumai.
batagor comes from the country of indonesia where the leader is joko widodo.
batagor comes from the country of indonesia, where jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region where the leader is vajubhai vala and the leader is vajubhai vala.
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india, where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
sour cream, chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is felipe vi.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy, where the leader is laura boldrini and laura boldrini.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy, where the leader is laura boldrini.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy, where the leader is pietro grasso and matteo renzi.
the javenese people are an ethnic group from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group from java.
tony tan is a leader in singapore where the javanese people are an ethnic group in java.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language is philippine spanish and one of the ethnic groups is the zamboangans.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader and spaniards are the ethnic group.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain where the leader is felipe vi of spain.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a test pilot. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a test pilot.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was born in british hong kong and crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963. he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa. he is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930 in nasa operated by nasa. he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14. he was a crew member of nasa's apollo 14.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1st, 1969.
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken in denmark.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the runway name is 14l/32r and it has a length of 4100.0.
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and has a runway length of 1818.0 and is located in india.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in the united states air force. the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom.
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 733.0 and is 88 metres above sea level.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the runway name is 18l/36r.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the airport has a runway length of 2900.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, united states. the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states. the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the greek language is spoken.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the greek language is spoken.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, united states. the leader of atlantic city, new jersey is don guardian.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the capital is brussels.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake, new york, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake, new york, united states.
the hal light combat helicopter is the operating organisation for agra airport which is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
the hal light combat helicopter is the operating organisation for agra airport which is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand. the airport is operated by the indian air force who operates the agra airport.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is fuad masum.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states.
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and is located in buffalo, new york, and has 12 floors.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken in denmark.
the ac hotel bella sky is in copenhagen, denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken.
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland, where the leader is enda kenny and the palace of westminster and the palace of westminster.
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and was completed in 1964.
akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the mason school of business is located in virginia, united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, ahmedabad, india. gujarat's leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
the eastern provincial council is the leader of sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new netherland and is lead by cyrus vance jr.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham, which is governed by birmingham city council. john clancy is the leader of birmingham.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the leader is called the president.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania. it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast and frederick county, maryland to its southwest.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottom
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland. it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he spent 100305 minutes in space and spent 100305 minutes in space.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
alan bean was born in june 1981 and was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 where alfred worden was the backup pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was a crew member of apollo 11 where william anders was a backup pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal and died in california.
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. in 1962. he retired on september 1st, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of nasa's apollo 8 mission.
william anders was a member of the apollo 8 crew along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association, headquartered in brussels. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college in kerala, india was established in 2001 and is located in the state of kerala, india.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir, turkey, where the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in 2000 and is located in the city of bangalore, karnataka.
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka is governed by the all india council for technical education in mumbai and is governed by the international tennis federation in mumbai.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and the country's leader is prime minister klaus iohannis. the country's capital is bucharest and the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association and is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated with the european university association. the school was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels. the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association and is affiliated with the european university association and is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated with the european university associati
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b.s. he was a test pilot and was a crew member on apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he died in california.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot who was born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot who was born in wheeler, texas.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc.d in 1963.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. he graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963 and spent 52 minutes in space.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with 20 awards.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and retired on september 1, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa. he retired on september 1st, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 8820 minutes in space.
aaron s. daggett was awarded the purple heart.
aaron s. daggett is attached to the aaron s. daggett.
stellendam, netherlands is the birthplace of ab klink.
the president of abdul rahman yakub is tuanku bujang tuanku othman.
the abdul taib mahmud is parti bumiputera sarawak.
the university of the abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib.
abdulsalami abubakar was established in 1999.
the birth place of abdulsalami abubakar is minna.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state.
abner w. sibal is in 1965.
abner w. sibal is in alexandria, virginia.
adam holloway was born in kent.
the residence of adam holloway is gravesend.
adenan satem is located in the university of adelaide.
the birth place of adolf scharf is mikulov.
adonis georgiadis is located within the office while prime minister.
the deputy minister for development, competiveness and shipping is the office of the adonis georgiadis.
agnes kant is based in hessisch oldendorf.
agnes ward white is from marietta, ohio.
airey neave was started in 1953.
airey neave was awarded the military cross.
the birth place of airey neave is knightsbridge, london.
the lieutenant colonel is irey neave.
airey neave was created in 1935.
albert b white is from the united states.
albert b white was written by agnes ward white.
the ilitary branch of albert jennings fountain is union army.
alberto teisaire is a food found in argentina.
alberto teisaire is produced in the rear admiral the argentine navy.
alfons gorbach died in austria.
alfred moore scales was started in 1875-03-04.
alfred moore scales is a member of the battle of chancellorsville.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut.
the mayor of stamford, connecticut is the mayor of stamford, connecticut.
allan shivers was started in 1947.
the ilitary branch of allan shivers is united states army.
allan shivers is a member of the uccessor of allan shivers.
alvah sabin was started in 1853-03-04.
alvah sabin is a member of the united states.
the american civil war was commanded by robert e lee.
austria's language is austrian german.
the commander of battle of antietam is robert e. lee.
battle of cold harbor is part of the american civil war.
buenos aires is led by gabriela michetti.
gulf war was commanded by colin powell.
dwight d. eisenhower is the predecessor of john f. kennedy.
josef klaus is a member of the university of vienna.
juan carlos i is the predecessor of juan carlos i of spain.
juan peron is a member of the labour party of argentina.
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands.
the united states army is also the location of the united states army.
william m. o. dawson was born in bloomington, maryland.
dodge coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 dodge.
the cubic inches of which are in 1955.
the christening date of a rosa luna was 2005-04-07.
aida cruises is located in rostock.
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises.
the christening date of aidastella is 2013-03-16.
aidastella was completed in 2013.
aidastella played in the 2013 september 2013.
aidastella is operated by aida cruises.
the mid-atlantic regional spaceport is the launch site for alv xx.
amc matador is also known as american motors matador.
ara veinticinco de mayo is the sequel to the netherlands 1 april 1948.
the straight four engine is a native book the abarth 100 gt coupe.
acura tlx is in the honda k engine.
acura tlx is the layout of acura tlx.
the related mean of transportation of acura tlx is honda accord.
the ransmission of acura tlx is "9speed".
alfa romeo 164 is in arese.
alfa romeo 164 is in lancia thema.
the ransmission of alfa romeo 164 is 4speed automatic.
samuda brothers is the builder of alhambra.
alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3.
alhambra is in the status of alhambra.
alhambra has a top speed of 18.52.
alvis speed is a member of the straight six engine.
alvis speed in 1937 are the model start year of alvis speed 25.
american submarine nr-1, which has an american submarine nro.
antares (rocket played in the 2014-10-28 were in the inal flight of 2014-10-28.
the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch site is mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0.
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina.
the launch site of ariane 5 is guiana space centre.
ariane is a fligt of the 2005-08-11.
aston martin veres included in convertible.
aston martin vr's manufacture is aston martin.
aston martin virage is made from aston martin.
atlas ii was inal flight of 1998-03-16.
the launch site of atlas ii is vandenberg air force base.
the founder of audi is august horch.
the assembly is audi in brussels.
the lated mean of transportation for audi an is seat ibiza.
caterpillar inc is located in peoria, illinois.
costa crociere is located in genoa.
the lated mean of transportation for the desoto custom is chrysler newport.
alfa romeo 164 is the lated mean of transportation of fiat croma.
germany is inhabited by germans.
the leader of germany is norbert lammert.
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich.
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone.
the headquarters of guiana space centre is kourou, french guiana.
honda k engine is a honda k engine.
the anthem of the united states is the spangled banner.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
the chairman of a.c. milan is silvio berlusconi.
aaron boogaard was born in canada.
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen.
abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team.
abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team.
brazil is the birthplace of abner (footballer).
adam maher was born in diemen.
adam maher was born in netherlands.
adam maher is in the netherlands national under-17 football team.
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven.
ahmad kadhim assad is a member of the iraq national football team.
akem adams is based in point fortin.
atlanta falcons ormer team is atlanta falcons.
akem priestley is in the connecticut huskies club.
al-khor sports club play in the qatar stars league.
the manager of al-awra a sc is basim qasim.
al kharaitiyat sc is the sequel to al kharaitiyat sc.
alaa abdul zahra was born in baghdad.
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f.c.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c.
alan martin is a member of the scotland national under-19 football team.
aleksander barkov was born on 1995-09-02.
aleksander barkov jr is in the florida panthers.
aleksander barkov jr, was at the height of 1.905.
aleksander barkov jr is the national hockey league.
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989.
aleksandr prudnikov's club is fc amkar perm.
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi.
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia.
aleksandre guruli is in the georgia national under of 2 football team.
alessio romagnoli plays for a.s. roma.
alessio romagnoli plays for a.s. roma.
alex plante was born in manitoba.
alex tyus play in the turkish basketball super league.
atlanta falcons is from atlanta.
don sweeney is the manager of boston bruins.
budapest is in the country of hungary.
english is spoken in canada.
the slavey language is spoken in canada.
columbus blue jackets is in the city of columbus, ohio.
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv.
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov.
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc.
the finnish language is spoken in finland.
daniele zoratto is the coach italy national under-16 football team.
the coach maccabi ashdod b.c, comes under the coach maccabi ashdod b.c.
fir park is the ground of motherwell f.c.
olympique lyonnais is owned by the olympique lyonnais.
st. louis rams is in st. louis rams.
the tennessee titans is the city of tennessee titans.
aaron bertram was started in 1998.
the horns of happiness is the musical artist of aaron deer.
kill rock stars is the record label aaron deer.
aaron turner is eaten in avant garde metal.
the genre of aaron turner is progressive metal.
abradab is a city in solo singer.
abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
abradab is in poland.
hip hop music is the genre of abradab.
the genre of agustin barboza is the guarania (music".
ahmet ertegun is in istanbul, turkey.
alan frew is a member of the genre rock music.
the musical artist for albennie jones is sammy price.
aleksandra kovan is a city in solo singer.
aleksandra kovan was born in the yugoslavia.
aleksandra kovan's genre is rhythm and blues.
aleksandra kovan is part of the soul music soul music.
alex day is in the genre of synthpop.
alfredo zitarrosa artist was hector numa moraes.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevide.
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay.
the record label of alfredo zitarrosa is rca records.
alison o donnell was started in 1963.
alison o donnell is in the genre of jazz.
the name of the instrument of alison o donnell is voice, bodhran, percussion, autoharp.
allen forrest was born on 1981-02-04.
allen forrest is a member of the pop music pop music.
alligator records is located in chicago.
johnny sansone is the musical artist of anders osborne.
rhythm and blues is the genre of anders osborne.
anders osborne record label and alligator records.
rhythm and blues is the genre of andra singer.
andrew rayel was started in 2009.
andrew rayel artist was christian burns.
andrew rayel was born in chisinau, moldova.
marry banilow is the associated band associated musical artist.
andrew white is the record label andrew white records.
asuncion is part of gran asuncion.
the instrument of christian burns is guitar.
hip hop music subgenred hip hop music.
hip hop music was funk as an ingreation.
indie rock of new wave music.
manchester is part of the greater manchester.
polydor records is located in london.
sony music entertainment is the distributing company of rca records.
rock and roll is in blues.
synthpop is located in the pop music.
british people inhabit the uk.
the density of 19255 grampercubiccentimetres is 19255 1994.
the discovers of the 29075 1950 1950.
the absolute mage has the absolute mage of 22.1.
the apoapsia in the kilometres 2009 fd is 25977670222055.
the construction of the 66063 1998 kilometres, has the previous president of the kilometres.
there are 66063 11-04 served as a poch of the 2013-1998.
100 piazzia has the scape velocity of "1000 piazzia".
the former name of 100 gaussia is 1923 oaaf907.
100 gaussia has a total of 165.0 kelvins.
101 helena has the apoapsis 441092000 (kilometres).
101 helena was published in 2006-12-31.
101 helena has a mass for that has 3.0 kilograms.
103 ganymed is available in the kilometreperseconds.
the absolute mage of 103 hera is 7.66.
103 hera has a mass of for 103 hera.
107 camilla has an absolute mage of 7.08.
107 camilla is in the discoverer of 107 camilla.
the former name of 108 tama is an a9904 vdd.
108 tama has 1202.84 (days).
109 vicia has 17.92 kilometreperseconds.
109 vicia was published in 2006-12-31.
the rotation period of 109 vicia is 95040.0.
christian heinrich friedrich friedrich friedrich peters is the discoverer of 10 felictas.
109 felicitas has 2833260000.
16.76 kilometreperseconds are the average speed in 10 hygiea.
110 clematis has a periapsis of 44589500000.
110 lydia was published in 2006-12-31.
112.0 kelvins is the emperature of 11264 claudiomaccone.
james craig watson is from the university of michigan.
nottingham is the birthplace of n. r. pogson.
aaron s. daggett was awarded the purple heart and was awarded the purple heart.
aaron s. daggett was awarded the purple heart and was awarded the aaron s. daggett.
abdul rahman ya'kub is the has deputy of abdul rahman yakub which is abdul rahman yakub.
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and the kingdom of sarawak.
abdulsalami abbar is located in technical institute, kaduna, minna.
the chief of the defence staff at the abdulsalami abubakar was written by chief of the defence staff.
the chief of the defence staff at abdulsalami abubar is al-amin daggash.
abdulsalami abubakar was established 1999-05-29 with the active years end date.
abdulsalami abubakar is in the olusegun obasanjo.
world war ii was written by joseph stalin and was commanded by world war ii.
the battle of the united states army is the location of the battle of the united states army, which is battled in the korean war.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge, magdalene college, cambridge.
adam holloway was born in gravesend and was born in gravesend.
adam koc was awarded the virtuti militari and was awarded the adam koc.
adonis georgiadis is office with the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally.
adonis georgiadis can be found in greece.
adonis georgiadis is in the office parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodof rally.
agnes kant is office with the parliamentary group leader. agnes kant is office with the parliamentary group leader.
airey neave is a military cross and was awarded the royal artillery.
airey neave was started in 1974 and battles at the battle of france.
battle of france commanded battle of france, was commanded by hugo sperrle.
airey neave was born in the battles of world war ii.
world war ii was written by franklin d roosevelt and commanded by franklin d. roosevelt.
world war ii was written by joseph stalin and commanded by joseph stalin.
albert b white was born in 1941, and died in 1941.
albert b white was born in politician and was born in politician and was born in politician.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city, new york city.
albert jennings fountain died in the new mexico territory and died in the new mexico territory.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city, new york city.
the provisional president of the argentine senate is alberto teisaire which was written in the provisional president of the argentine senate.
alfons gorbach was born in austria.
alfons gorbach was born in austria.
the governor of north carolina is the governor of north carolina and the governor of north carolina.
daniel gould fowle was published in the region of princeton university.
alfred n. phillips was born in the united states house of representatives.
american civil war is the battle of the united states army and american civil war.
world war ii is the commander of world war ii which was commanded by joseph stalin.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas.
the member of the texas state senate from district 4 (port arthur) is the member of the texas state senate from district 4 and state senate from district 4, allan shivers.
alvah sabin was born on the 23rd of october, 1793.
agnes kant comes from the country of netherlands where the currency is the euro.
agnes kant is led by mark rutte, netherlands.
parkersburg, west virginia is located in the united states and died in parkersburg, west virginia.
aaron boogaard is a member of the saskatchewan club.
abel hernandez is manager of penarol where jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol.
abel hernandez is attached to the club penarol and plays for u.s. citt wi palermo.
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under-17 football team and the netherlands national under-17 football team.
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under-17 football team and the netherlands national under-17 football team.
ahmad kadhim assad is a member of the steel azin f.c. club and plays for al shorta sc.
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll.
akem adams is part of the club trinidad and tobago national football team and plays for the trinidad and tobago national football team.
the akem ayers was former team in new england patriots and has 39 former team.
the akem ayers has 39 former team and tennessee titans.
akem dent was born on 1987-09-27 in 1987.
akem priestley played for the connecticut huskies and connecticut huskies.
akem priestley played for the club sheikh russel kc.
al khor sports club was al khor sports club and their ground is in al khor.
al kharaitiyat sc is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc in amar osim.
alan martin (footballer) plays for both hamilton academical fc and leeds united fc.
alan martin (footballer) plays for new douglas park.
aleksander barkov jr, was born on 1995-09-02 in florida panthers.
aleksander barkov jr is a member of the florida panthers club.
aleksandr chumakov is a member of the valery petrakov club and is manager of fc torpedo moscow.
aleksandr prudnikov is in the fc spartak moscow club and plays for fc spartak moscow.
aleksandr prudnikov's club is the russian football league and their league is fc tom tomsk.
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi and fc dinamo batumi.
alex plante, born in manitoba, was born in manitoba.
alex tyus was born in pallacanestro cant and was born on 1988-01-08.
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv b.c. and plays for maccabi tel aviv b.c.
alex plante was born in brandon, manitoba, in the conservative party of canada.
the book adam mcquaid was born in canada, o canada.
adam mcquaid is in canada where the english language is spoken.
aleksandre guruli has been the manager of fc dinamo batumi and plays for fc dinamo batumi.
aleksandr prudnikov is in the otkrytiye arena in fc spartak moscow, who plays for otkrytiye arena.
akem priestley is a member of the rops club and plays for the veikkausliiga league.
akem adams is published in the united petrotrin f.c. palo seco velodrome.
aaron deer is a guitar in guitar.
aaron deer is a united states citizen who originates from indiana.
the electroacoustic music is the genre of the electroacoustic music.
aaron turner is from singing and singing.
the musical artist for abradab is kaliber 44.
abradab was born in 1978 and was born in 1978.
abradab is the birthplace of abradab which was born in poland.
hip hop music is the genre of the ace wilder hip hop music.
ace wilder was born in warner music group and background is the solo singer and warner music group.
agustin barboza is located in paraguay, paraguay.
alan frew was founded in rock music.
alan frew comes from the country of country music which is in country music.
albennie jones is in the jazz and blues.
aleksandra kovan was born in the pop music pop music where the background is the solo singer.
rhythm and blues is the genre of aleksandra kova, where rhythm and blues is the genre of aleksandra kova.
aleksandra kovan was a soul music from soul music in 1990.
alex day's genre is the music.
alfred garth jones was born in england and was born in england.
alfredo zitarrosa comes under the background of alfredo zitarrosa.
alfredo zitarrosa comes under the background of alfredo zitarrosa.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in the montevideo died in uruguay.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in the uruguay and died in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa comes under the background of alfredo zitarrosa which is based in the genre of solo singer.
the associated band associated musical artist for alison o donnell is bajik.
alison o donnell is in the floating world records and floating world records.
alison o donnell is a member of the jazz and jazz.
hip hop music is the background of allen forrest which is background in solo singer.
andrew white is subgenred by christian alternative rock which is genred by christian alternative rock.
the associated band associated musical artist for anders osborne is phil lesh and friends.
rhythm and blues is a record label and rabadash records and rabadash records.
rhythm and blues is a record label and the record label and shanachie records.
andra (singer) was published in the pop music in 2000.
rhythm and blues is the genre of andra singer, which is in blues.
the associated band associated musical artist for andrew rayel is jonathan mendelsohn.
the musical artist for andrew rayel is jonathan mendelsohn.
jwaydan moyine is the associated band associated band associated to armin van buuren.
andrew white is also known as andrew white musician where the alternative rock is found.
the instrument of country music is banjo.
polydor records is the record label andrew white in musician, where the record label is polydor records.
the apoal velocity of 19255 kilometres, 19255 (kilometre)) has 66036300.0 (kilometreperseconds).
the apoapsia in the kilometres 2009 kelvins is the apoapsip of the kilometres 2009 (kelvins).
the discovers of the co10777 20097 2009 and spacewatch, is 88234300.
the his official velocity of the 66063 1998 in the kilometreperseconds are the 2013-11-2013 september 2013.
the 3004-07-14 is the original period of the 66391 1999 and the 2004-07-14 september 2004-07-14.
the 3004-07-14 is the otation perica of the 66391 1999 and the 2004-07-14 september 2004-07-14.
the james craig watson was originally published in peritonitis and died in peritonitis.
103 ganymed is available in the kilometres speed in 103 ganymed which has the apoapsis 16.86 kilometres.
walter baade was born in walter baade, german empire.
the discoverer of 103 ganymed is walter baade, germany.
the james craig watson was originally from peritonitis and died in peritonitis.
the discoverer of 103 hera is james craig watson which is an american.
the discoverer of 107 camilla is nottingham.
the former name of 108 tama, which was formerly called the 2005-11-26 from the 2005 september 2005.
108 tama has a temperature of 179.0 kilometres and has the apoapsis 37351300.
109 vicia has the prime minister of the 27914200000 and was published in 2006-12-31.
109 felicitas has a temperature of 52332900. kelvins, has a temperature of 52332900.
109 felicitas has 2833260000 and was published in 28332600000.
the origin period of 109 felicitas is 47487.6 and the original period of which are 2006-12-31.
164.0 kelvins is the apoapsis temperature of 10 hygiea which has a temperature of 523951582.
the former name of 10 hygiea is 2015-06-27.
110 lydia has a political located in the mass of 2006.
110 lydia has a period of 2006-12-31.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
aida cruises is operated by the aida cruises operated by the aida cruises.
aida cruises is operated by aida cruises which is operated by aida cruises.
aidaluna has a length of 252000.
the christening date of aidastella is 253260 millimetres and the length of the 16th of march is 253260.
alco rs''s builder is diesel-electric transmission.
alv x-1, is a 1.524 metres and is a 1.524 metres and has 22 a rocket stages.
the model years of amc matador which was produced in 1974.
richard a. teague was designed by richard a. teague, which was designed by richard a. teague.
ara veinticinco de mayo is the length of the millimetres, ara veinticinco de mayo, ara veinticinco de mayo.
alfa romeo 164 is located in milan and has a related called alfa romeo 164.
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy and has the related mean of transportation.
alfa romeo 164 is in the lancia thema in italy.
alvis car and engineering company is the manufacture of alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry.
alvis speed in separate 4speed and open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, centre change lever, open tubular propell
the alvis speed open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal
american motors is a member of the american motors which was published in the american motors.
the mid-atlantic regional spaceport is the maiden for the rocket 2014-01-09 and the maiden flight is the 2014-01-09.
ara veinticinco de mayo is the leader of argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti.
ariane 5 is a member of the airbus defence and space.
airbus defence and space is the manufacture of airbus defence and space which is parent company of airbus defence and space, where airbus defence and space is the manufacture.
aston martin which was originally from the united kingdom and aston martin rhamr/1.
aston martin veres the aston martin vere aston martin vr. the aston martin verage is aston martin vr.
the aston martin verage is the lated mean of transportation of aston martin vertin verage, aston martin vr.
aston martin vrrage is in the aston martin verage aston martin vr.
atlas ii was inal flight of 3.04m and was inal flight of 3.04 m.
the manufacture of atlas ii is lockheed martin and the manufacture is lockheed martin.
audi and is a division of audi and is a division of audi.
the manufacture of audi a1 is called audi, ducati.
the manufacture of audi al is quattro gmbh.
the key person for caterpillar inc is caterpillar inc.
the launch site in delta ii is vandenberg air force base and the launch site is delta ii.
the leader of finland is juha sipila and the leader is juha sipila.
the general dynamics electric boat began in the general dynamics electric boat, which belongs to the general dynamics electric boat.
mtu friedrichshafen are the owner of mtu friedrichshafen which is the owner of the rosa luna.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
aaron s. daggett was born in the battle of fredericksburg and was awarded the purple heart.
ab klink was born in netherlands and was born in netherlands.
the book abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and sarawak.
the chief of the defence staff at abdulsalami abubar is technical institute, kaduna and is office who was born in technical institute, kaduna.
the branch of abdulsalami abubakar is the olusegun obasanjo which is the location of the abdulsalami abubakar.
the branch of abdulsalami abubakar is the olusegun obasanjo which is the location of the abdulsalami abubakar.
abel caballero was born in the ponteareas of the galicia in spain.
abel caballero was born in spain and is the birthplace of abel caballero.
abner war ii is the commander of world war ii which was commanded by world war ii.
abner w. sibal is located in the united states and was born in ridgewood, united states.
adam holloway was written by gulf war and george h. w. bush and george h. w. bush.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge in the conservative party (uk).
adam koc was born in leon trotsky and was commanded by congress poland.
the polish soviet war was commanded by russian civil war and its conflict was leon trotsky.
adonis georgiadis can be found in greece and is office who was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis is located in the minister for health and was born in the minister for health.
the new democracy of greece is the colour of the adonis georgiadis which is in the country of greece.
the nationality of agnes kant is mark rutte. the nationality of agnes kant is mark rutte.
the nationality of agnes kant is mark rutte and the leader is mark rutte.
agnes kant's alma mater was the radboud university nijmegen, was born in the radboud university nijmegen.
airey neave was started in 1979 and is active years of the airey neave, which was started in 1979.
airey neave was started in 1974 and was started by world war ii and the airey neave which was started in 1974.
albert b white was born in 1941 and died in 1941 and died in 1941 and died in 1941.
albert b white was born in marietta, ohio in the agnes ward white who was born in marietta, ohio.
albert jennings fountain is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city, new york city, new york city.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york, united states.
the buenos aires city legislature is the governing body of buenos aires which is governed by buenos aires city legislature.
the book alberto teisaire is a traditional dish from the rear admiral in isaac rojas and has the rear admiral rojas.
alfons gorbach died in county of tyrol, is the birthplace of alfons gorbach.
alfred n. phillips was born in the member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut and was born in darien, connecticut.
the democratic party of the united states is the home to allan shivers who were in the democratic party of the united states.
the largest city in vermont in burlington, vermont is 1857-03-03 and the largest city is burlington, vermont.
alvah sabin was born on the 23rd of october 1793 and was born on the 23rd of october 1773 and was born on the 23rd of october, 1793.
alvah sabin was born in georgia, vermont, united states where the leader is daniel webster.
the american civil war was born in abraham lincoln in the united states.
the american civil war was the commander of the american civil war which was commanded by battle of fredericksburg.
alfons gorbach died in austria, where the leader is doris bures.
alfons gorbach died in austria, where the leader is doris bures.
alfons gorbach died in styria, where the leader is doris bures.
battle of salem church was commanded by robert e lee and the american civil war.
the nationality of ab klink is the euro and the currency is the euro.
the polish language is spoken in poland where the polish language is spoken.
the apoal velocity of 19255 kilograms is the mass of the kilograms and has 66036300.0 (kilometres).
the area in spacewatch is the original perica of the country and has the original period of 410777 2009.
the construction of the 66063 1998 degreecelsius and the minimum temperature is 2549899570.
the average speed in the kilometres of the kilometres of the kilometres of the kilometres of the kilometres of the kilometres of the kilometres of the kilometres of the kilometreperseconds.
1000 piazzia has the represented the 2015-06-27 and the period called 1000 piazzia.
100 gaussia has the former name of "1923-oaa"907 kilometres) and was formerly by the 2015-06-27 and was formerly called the 2015-06-27.
101 helena was escape velocity of 3.0 kilograms and has the apoapsis located in the kilometres apoapsis and has the apoapsis 0.0348 kilometres.
walter baade is an american who was an american book walter baade.
the james craig watson was originally published in madison, wisconsin. he died in madison, wisconsin. he died in madison, wisconsin. he died in madison, wisconsin.
the james craig watson was originally published in madison, wisconsin and died in peritonitis.
103 hera has a heriod of 1622.213 days and has the apoapsis 1622.023 days.
103 hera has a temperature of 170.0 kilometres and has a temperature of 43717000.
the discoverer of 107 camilla is nottingham and n. r. pogson who was born in england.
108 tama has a former name of 108 tama, which was founded in 2005 and has a former name of 108 tama.
108 tama has 37351300.0 (kilometres), was published in 2005 and has 37351300.0 (kilometres).
109 vicia has the former name 2006-12-31 and has the former name 2006-12-31.
109 felicitas has a period of 2006-12-31 and has a period of 2006-12-31.
109 felicitas has the apoapsis 2006-12-31 and has the apoapsis 52332900.
the average speed in 10 hygiea is 5.57 (kilometreperseconds) and has the apoapsis 523951582.3396 (kilometres) and has the apoapsis 525951582.
16.76 squarekilometres is the surface area of the kilometres speed in 10 hygiea which has the average spent 523951582.3398 squarekilometres speed in 10 hygiea.
10 hygiea has a temperature in the kilometres 337080.44 squarekilometres temperatured in the kilometres.
110 lydia has a periaps compliment of 6.7 kilograms and the periaps competed in the 2006-12-31.
110 lydia has an apoapsis located in the country of 2006 and has the apoapsis 37701600.
the kids imagine nation is the genre of the kids imagine nation and the kids imagine nation.
aaron deer is a united states citizen in indiana.
aaron deer is a united states citizen who originates from the united states and is the origin of aaron deer.
aaron turner is a member of the band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated to aaron turner.
aaron turner was written by aaron turner which is in the greymachine genre.
the aaron turner was written by aaron turner which is genred by ambient music.
aaron turner was instructed in the electric guitar and has died in black metal.
aaron turner was instructed in singing and has died in singing.
abradab was born on the 12th of november 1978 and was born on 1978-11-12.
the musical artist for abradab is katowice and the musical artist is katowice.
hip hop music is the genre of the ace wilder hip hop music. hip hop music is the genre of disco.
agustin barboza was born in paraguay where juan afara is the leader.
al anderson (nrbb band) is the genre of nrbb band, which is genred by the nrbk band.
rock music was written in the country of country music which is genred by rock music.
the jazz blues is the music fusion genre of jazz which has the blues as its genre.
albennie jones was born in errata, mississippi and is the location of the albennie jones disco.
aleksandra kovan is part of the pop music pop music in the pop music.
aleksandra kovan has the associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associa
aleksandra kovan has the associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associa
synthpop is located in the pop music disco and originates from the pop music of disco.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in london, the united kingdom and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in sidcup and died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones died in london, the leader of london is boris johnson and the leader is boris johnson.
the folk music of ireland is the genre of alison o donnell which is genred by the folk music of ireland.
alison o donnell was written by mellow candle and the folk music genre.
alison o donnell is a member of the jazz and funk and jazz.
alison o donnell is a record label for the static caravan recordings.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama and is the birthplace of allen forrest.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama.
alternative rock is from new wave music and is the genre of new wave music.
the associated band associated musical artist for anders osborne is tab benoit. the musical artist is the kirk joseph.
rock music is the location of the rock music who genred by rock music.
the associated band associated musical artist for andra (singer) is puya and dance pop.
andreea balan is the associated band associated band associated to the associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associate
rhythm and blues disco is the background of andra singer, which is based in disco.
andrew rayel artist was jonathan mendelsohn and is the location of andrew rayel.
andrew rayel artist was jonathan mendelsohn and is the location of andrew rayel.
christian burns is the genre of christian burns which is genred by christian burns.
the defunct record label andrew white (musician) is associated band associated to the kaiser chiefs.
ska punk is the genre of aaron bertram which is genred by suburban legends.
albennie jones was born in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
the alternative name for the 1955 dodge (also known as vr engine) is the alternative name for the 1955 dodge, which is also known as vr engine.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres and played in the 22nd september 2004-01-22.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
aida cruises is owned by the costa crociere of aidastella which is owned by the costa crociere of germany.
aidastella played in the 2013 service of aidastella which has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
the american locomotive company is the length of the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and has a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
the american locomotive company is the length of the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and has a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
the american locomotive company is the location of the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady, new york.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the capital of the united states is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
alv x-11 is a 1.524 metres and a total aunches of 1.524 metres and is a 1.524 metres and a total launches.
the body style of abarth 1000 gt coupe is straight four engine and was produced by straight four engine.
the abarth 100 gt coupe is in the two door coupe in the two door coupe in the two door coupe.
aleksey chirikov is in helsinki and has the arctech helsinki beam arctech helsinki shipyard.
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy, where rome is the capital of italy.
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy, where rome is the capital and the capital is rome.
the related mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 is located in arese and has the related mean of transportation and alfa romeo 164.
alfa romeo has related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 which is located in milan and has a related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164.
alhambra has a length of 63800.0 millimetres and has a length of 63800.0 millimetres and has a length of 63800.0 millimetres.
alhambra is in the status of wrecked and has a launch of 1855-05-31.
alvis speed in alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and founded in coventry.
the american motors was published in the american motors which is a key person at american motors.
the manufacture of rocket is comparaled by the united states and is comparaled by united states.
the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch system is the manufacturer of rocket where the manufacture is medium expendable launch system.
ariane 5 is a traditional dish from the region of arianespace and has a manufacturer of arianespace. the launch of the country is arianespace and the launch site is arianespace.
aston martin vr8 is assembly as a newport pagnell, buckinghamshire, england, united kingdom.
aston martin who was published in the united kingdom and has a related called aston martin dbs.
the launch site of atlas ii is the vandenberg air force base and the launch site is the vandenberg air force base and the launch site is the vandenberg air force base.
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
the launch site of atlas ii is the spaceport florida launch complex and spaceport florida launch complex 36.
audi an is a city in hatchback and has 1.2 played in hatchback.
the manufacture of audi a1 is volkswagen polo and the related mean of transportation is the volkswagen polo.
caterpillar inc is the location of caterpillar inc. california is the location of caterpillar inc.
caterpillar inc is the owner of the aidaluna which is owned by the caterpillar inc.
the owner of aidastella is costa crociere which is owned by the costa crociere of genoa.
delta ii is located in delta ii, which is in the united states.
the guiana space centre is the headquarters of the guiana space centre which is headquartered in the site of french guiana. the country is the headquarters of the guiana space centre and headquartered in french guiana.
guiana space centre is the location of guiana space centre which is located in kourou, french guiana and is located in kourou, french guiana and is located in kourou, french guiana.
neptun werft is the location of the neptun werft and the neptun werft began in the city of rostock and is the location of the neptun werft.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
aaron hunt is in the sv werder bremen club and plays for sv werder bremen.
aaron hunt is attached to the fl wolfsburg club and plays for sv werder bremen ii.
abel hernandez is part of the central espanol club and plays for u.s. citt wi palermo.
abel hernandez is part of the central espanol club and plays for u.s. citt wi palermo.
adam maher is a member of the psv eindhoven club and plays for az alkmaar.
akem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f.c. and plays for palo seco and plays for palo seco.
the akem ayers was former team in the los angeles rams and has 39 former team.
the akem ayers was former team in st. louis rams and has 39 former team.
akem dent, born in atlanta, georgia, was born in atlanta, georgia.
alaa abdul zahra is in shabab al-ordon club and plays for shabab al-ordon club.
al kharaitiyat sc is the ground of al kharaitiyat sc in the club alaa abdul zahra.
alan martin (footballer) was born on the 1989-01-01 and was born in the football club 1989.
alan martin (footballer) plays for both accrington stanley f.c. and accrington stanley f.c.
aleksander barkov jr, was born in tampere, finland and was born in tampere, finland.
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere, finland and was born in tampere, finland.
aleksandr chumakov was born in russia where the leader is vladimir putin.
aleksandr prudnikov was born in fc kuban krasnodar, fc alania vladikaz.
aleksandr prudnikov was born in the russia national football team and was born on the 24th of fc 1989.
aleksandre guruli is in the azal pfk club and plays for azal pfk.
aleksandre guruli played for us lesquin and plays for us lesquin.
alessio romagnoli played for the italy national under-16 football team and the italy national under-16 football team.
alessio romagnoli has been the manager of a c milan and plays for u.c. sampdoria and a.c. milan.
alessio romagnoli plays for a.s. roma and plays for a.s. roma.
alessio romagnoli plays for u.c. sampdoria and is a member of the italy national under-17 football team and italy.
alex plante has been born in brandon, manitoba and has been born in brandon, manitoba and has been born in brandon, manitoba and has been born in brandon, manitoba and has been born in brandon, manitoba.
alex plante was born in the anyang halla club and is attached to the club anyang halla and he has been born in anyang halla.
alex tyus is a member of the euroleague and maccabi ashdod b.c. and plays for maccabi ashdod b.c.
alex tyus played for the club maccabi ashdod b.c. and maccabi ashdod b.c. alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b.c.
aleksandr prudnikov's ground is in fc spartak moscow, who plays for the otkrytiye arena and fc spartak moscow.
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the otkrytiye arena in fc spartak moscow, who plays for the otkrytiye arena in fc spartak moscow.
aleksandr chumakov has been the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played for valery petrakov. aleksandr chumakov has been the manager of fc torpedo moscow.
the manager of hull city afc are the uruguay olympic football team and the uruguay olympic football team.
aleksandr chumakov was born in russia and died in russia and died in russia.
the manager of real madrid castilla is real madrid castilla and plays for real madrid castilla.
the manager of real madrid castilla is abner and plays for real madrid castilla and plays for real madrid castilla.
st. louis was born in st louis where francis g slay is the leader.
the akem ayers was former team in the city of nashville, tennessee.
akem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f.c. and plays for the club palo seco.
aaron hunt is in the sv werder bremen club and plays for the sv werder bremen ii who plays for the alexander bremen ii.
abel hernandez is attached to the club central espanol and plays for the central espanol club and plays for central espanol.
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol club and plays for u.s. citt wi palermo and plays for u.s. citt wi palermo.
abel hernandez is a member of the u.s. citt di palermo who plays for u.s. citt, di palermo, who plays for u.s. citt wi palermo.
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island and was born in prince edward island.
the columbus blue jackets is a member of the city of boston bruins who plays for don sweeney and the general manager of boston bruins.
the akem ayers was born on the 10th of july, 1989 in st. louis rams and was born on the 10th of july, 1989.
akem dent, born in atlanta, georgia, was born in atlanta, georgia.
akem dent, born in atlanta, georgia, was born in atlanta, georgia.
al kharaitiyat sc is the home of the ground of al kharaitiyat sc in al kharaitiyat sc. al kharaitiyat sc are the manager of al kharaitiyat sc.
al kharaitiyat sc is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc in al kharaitiyat sc.
al kharaitiyat sc is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc and their manager is amar osim.
alan martin (footballer) was born in crewe alexandra f.c. and went to crewe alexandra f.c.
alan martin is a height of 185 42 centimetres and was born in crewe alexandra f.c.
aleksandr prudnikov was born in fc dynamo moscow and has a height of 185.0 centimetres.
aleksandr prudnikov was born on the 24th of fc 1989 in fc spartak moscow and has a height of 185.0 centimetres.
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and has a height of 178.0 centimetres.
alex plante was born in canada and was born in canada and was born in the anyang halla club.
alex plante was born in the book alex plante who was born in canada and was born in the canada region.
elizabeth ii is the leader of canada which is lead by elizabeth ii and the language spoken is elizabeth ii.
elizabeth ii is the leader of canada, which is lead by elizabeth ii and the asian canadians.
the leader of canada is elizabeth ii and the slavey language is spoken in canada which is lead by elizabeth ii.
fc kuban krasnodar is the manager of fc terek growny and has been the manager of fc terek growny.
aleksandr chumakov has been the chairman of fc torpedo moscow, the chairman of the russian premier league and has been the chairman of fc torpedo moscow who played for aleksandr tukmanov.
houston texans is houston texans and died houston texans and died houston texans.
abel hernandez is attached to the uruguayan primera division and has been the manager of hull city a.f.c. and plays for the uruguayan primera division.
19255 1994 and was organized by the apoapsia that has 6603850000 and has 6603850000.
the construction of the 66063 1998 days in the kilometres 2013-2013 in the kilometres, 2013-11-04 is located at 25499911-04.
the 254999570 days is the president of the kilometres of the character 66063 1998 and has a part of the 2549895570 days.
1000 piazzia has a period of the 2015-06-27 and competed in the 2015 september 2015.
100 gaussia was formerly by sergey belyavsky and they have 100 gaussia which was published in the sergey belyavsky in the 2015-se312 kilometres.
walter baade was born in walter baade, walter baade, who was born in walter baade, german empire.
walter baade was born in walter baade, who was born in walter baade, which was born in walter baade, which was born in walter baade, which was born in walter baade.
walter baade was written by university of gottingen and doctoral student who died in halton arp and doctoral student was walter baade.
the alma mater of the james craig watson is the university of michigan and died in madison, wisconsin and died in peritonitis.
the american james craig watson is a character in the country of madison, wisconsin. the country is the location of the james craig watson which was founded in madison, wisconsin.
the james craig watson was an american who died in canada and died in canada and died in canada.
the discoverer of 107 camilla is 107 pogson, who was born in nottingham and died in chennai.
107 camilla was born in nottingham and died in chennai and was born in nottingham and died in chennai.
108 tama has a former name of 108 tama, which has a former name of 108 tama, which has a former name of 108 tama, which has the former name and 28874900.
108 tama has the escape velocity of 108 tama which has the escape velocity of 108 tama and has the apoapsis 1202.846 days.
109 vicia has the apoapsis 2006-12-31 and has the apoapsis 13558900.
109 felicitas has a period of 28332600000 and is located in the kilometreperseconds and competed in the 2833260000.
10 hygiea has a former name of 5.57 days and the period called the 2015 september 2015 and has a former name of 5.57 days.
110 clematis was escape velocity of 18330900 and is located in the kilometres period and has the apoapsis 18330900.
110 clematis was published in 1928 and has the former name of "1928-12-31" and was formerly called "1928-12-31".
110 clematis was originally published in the year 2006 and has the escape velocity of 4458900000 and has the escape velocity of 445890000.
the book 1955 inches is the manufacture of 1955 in 1955 dodge, which has the transmission of vr engine and has the transmission of vr engine.
desoto firedome is the manufacture of the desoto custom which is the location of the desoto custom which is the location of the desoto custom which is the location of the desoto custom which is the location of the desoto custom which is the location of the desoto custom.
aidastella is operated by the costa crociere and operated by the aida cruises which was operated by the costa crociere builder.
aidastella is operated by the costa crociere and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
the american locomotive company diesel electric transmission builder is the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company.
the american locomotive company is the length of the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and has the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company.
the american locomotive company is the location of the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady, new york.
alco rs'-3, which began in the montreal locomotive works building in the country of the montreal locomotive works and is popular in the montreal locomotive works.
alco rs'-32 began in the montreal locomotive works building in the montreal locomotive works building in the montreal locomotive works.
the alternative name for amc matador is station wagor which is also known by the american motors matador, which is also known as amc v. engine.
the alternative name for amc matador is vam classic and is the location of the amc matador which is also known as vam classic.
the assembly is the layout of acura tlx which is located in the class of marysville, ohio, where the layout is honda k engine.
acura tlx is a marysville auto plant and the layout of which is varysville auto plant and the layout of which is varysville auto plants.
the aleksey chirikov (icebreaker) was built in service and has the arctech helsinki beam arctech helsinki shipyard.
the aleksey chirikov was builded by the aleksey chirikov (icebreaker) which was published in the finland speaking icebreaker.
aleksey chirikov is in helsinki and has the arctech helsinki beam arctech helsinki shipyard. the building of the building is in service.
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy, the related mean of transportation is the straight four engine. the related mean of transportation is the straight four engine.
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy and has the related mean of transportation and the related mean of transportation alfa romeo 164.
alhambra has a length of 63800.0 millimetres and has a length of 63800.0 millimetres and has a length of 63800.0 millimetres.
alvis car and engineering company is the location of the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in the rover company and founded in coventry.
alvis car and engineering company is the location of the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in the rover company and founded in coventry.
american motors was published in the american motors which is located in the american motors which is located in the american motors.
the general dynamics electric boat and the general dynamics electric boat are the builders of the general dynamics electric boat.
american submarine nrr was the length of 45000.0 millimetres, and has a length of 45000.0 millimetres and has a length of 45000.0 millimetres.
the manufacture of rocket in antares (rocket) played in the 2013-04-28 were in the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad and the manufacture is kuzhnoye design office.
the manufacture of rocket in antares (rocket) played in the 2013-09-18 in the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad and the manufacturer is yuzhnoye design office.
the aston martin virage is in the united kingdom where the capital is london and the capital is london.
aston martin who has the related mean of transportation and has the related mean of transportation and aston martin rhamr/1.
aston martin verage is located in aston martin, aston martin verage which has a related called aston martin vr.
atlas ii was written by vandenberg air force base and the launch site is the vandenberg air force base and the launch site is the vandenberg air force base.
audi ajrussels is the layout of audi an front engine, front wheel drive layout and has 1.2 plass in supermini.
audi is located in ducati, audi, which is based in ducati.
caterpillar inc is the owner of the aidaluna which was founded in california and was founded in california.
aidastella is owned by the aida cruises and is owned by the aida cruises and is owned by the aida cruises.
the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch site is delta ii where the launch site is delta ii and the launch site is delta ii.
delta ii is located in delta ii where the launch site is delta ii where the launch site is delta ii.
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy and has the related mean of transportation and has the related mean of transportation.
alfa romeo 164 is located in the city of opel vectra and is the location of the alfa romeo 164, which is body styled by sedan (automobile).
general dynamics electric boat is located in groton, connecticut, general dynamics. general dynamics electric boat is located in groton, connecticut.
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich and the neptun werft is the leader of germany.
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
the kids imagine nation is the associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated to aaron bertram.
aaron deer is a member of the indianapolis rigin of indianapolis.
the electroacoustic music from sumac (band) is the location of aaron turner which is in sumac band.
the aaron turner was written by post metal and was associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated to aaron turner.
aaron turner was instructed in the electric guitar and has died in sumac band.
ace wilder was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer.
ace wilder was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer.
ace wilder was born in songwriter and was born in songwriter and was born in songwriter.
ace wilder was born in songwriter and was born in songwriter and was born in songwriter.
ahmet ertegun is located in the united states and is the location of the ahmet ertegun and originates from the united states.
rock and roll is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
rhythm and blues is a disco that was designed by rhythm and blues who was designed by rhythm and blues.
albennie jones was born in jazz, in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
aleksandra kovan was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade.
aleksandra kovan was born in the solo singer born aleksandra kova, which was born in the solo singer born aleksandra kova.
alex day's genre is chameleon circuit and the associated band associated to the active years start years alex day.
alex day's genre is chameleon circuit and the chameleon circuit is the location of alex day.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
the people of the country is daniel martinez, and daniel martinez is the leader of montevideo.
the background of alfredo zitarrosa is uruguay and was born in the candombe genre, in candombe. alfredo zitarrosa comes under the background of alfredo zitarrosa.
alison o donnell was written in the folk music in 1963 and was a flibbertigibet.
the associated band associated musical artist for alison o donnell was mellow candle and was completed in 1963.
alison o donnell is located in london and the record label was deram records, which is located in london.
alison o donnell is located in london and the record label was deram records which is located in london. the record label was deram records.
allen forrest was born in solo singer and was born in solo singer.
allen forrest was born in the fort campbell, ky, raised in dothan, al. he was born in the fort campbell, ky, raised in dothan, al. he was born in the fort campbell, ky, raised in dothan, al. he was born in the fort campbell, ky, raised in dothan, al.
andrew white is also known as andrew white in musician, where the genre of white is marry banilow.
the associated band associated musical artist for anders osborne is tab benoit. the musical artist of anders osborne is tab benoit.
alligator records is located in shanachie records which is genred by alligator records which is located in shanachie records.
solo singer is the background of andra singer, where the background is solo singer.
rhythm and blues disco is the derivative for the ryythm and blues disco and is the location of the rythm and blues.
andrew rayel has the associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated to the associated band associated band associated to the associated band associated to the associated band associated band associated to the associated band associated to the associated band associated to the associated band associated to the associated ba
the christian burns is the associated band associated band associated to the andrew rayel associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated to the stylistic of house music.
andrew white is the location of the andrew white of the musician designed by the associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated to the kaiser chiefs.
andrew white is the record label andrew white in musician where the associated band associated musical artist is kaiser chiefs.
agustin barboza is located in paraguay which is part of the state of paraguay. the leader of the country is gran asuncion.
the banjo instrument of al anderson (nrbb band) is associated band associated band associated to the associated band associated band associated band associated band associated to the associated band associated to the associated band associated to the associated band associated to the wildweeds.
hip hop music is the location of hip hop music which is located in the city of funk and is the location of hip hop music.
alfred garth jones was born in england and is the birthplace of alfred garth jones.
the aaron turner was written in the post metal which is genred by house of low culture.
aaron turner was instructed in the electric guitar and is the location of aaron turner which is in the electric guitar.
rhythm and blues was born in blues in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
aaron s. daggett was born in the american civil war and was awarded the american civil war and died in west rosbury.
aaron s. daggett was born in battle of the wilderness and was awarded the purple heart and died in west rosbury.
ab klink is an affiliate of the erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the erasmus university rotterdam.
miri, malaysia is the residence of abdul taib mahmud in asajaya. the residence of the abdul taib mahmud is asajaya.
abdul taib mahmud is found in asajaya and is part of the kingdom of sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud was born in sarawak and is the location of the abdul taib mahmud which was born in sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud was born in the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu. the abdul taib mahmud was born in the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu.
the nigerian army and oladipo diya is the predecessor of the abdulsalami abubakar.
the nigerian air force of abdulsalami abubakar is located in the military branch of abdulsalami abubar. the branch of abdulsalami abubar is the successor of abdulsalami abubar.
abel caballero was born in franco in office which was francisco franco and francisco franco.
abel caballero was born in the minister of transport where abel caballero was born in spain.
abraham a. ribicoff is from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge and was born in magdalene college, cambridge in 2005.
the polish language is spoken in poland where the polish language is spoken and the polish language is spoken.
the polish soviet war was commanded by the polish soviet war which was commanded by joseph stalin.
adonis georgiadis was written by vice president of new democracy and was born in greece and is office who was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis is located in the ministry of economy, development and tourism which is in the country of greece. adonis georgiadis is located in the country.
adonis georgiadis was written by makis voridis and was born in greece and was born in greece.
the euro is the currency in netherlands where the currency is the euro and the currency is the euro.
the nationality of agnes kant is mark rutte. the country is the location of the agnes kant which is lead by mark rutte.
the nationality of agnes kant is mark rutte and the leader of the country is mark rutte.
the nationality of agnes kant is called the socialist party (netherlands). it is also the location of agnes kant which is lead by emile roemer.
airey neave was born in the battle of france and was born in the battle of france and was born in the date of knightsbridge, london.
airey neave was born in the battle of france and was born in the battle of france and was born in the battle of france.
the commander of world war ii was world war ii which was commanded by the royal artillery who garrison is the commander.
albert b white was born in bloomington, maryland and died in cleveland and died in cleveland.
albert b white was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland.
abraham lincoln is the commander of the american civil war which was commanded by abraham lincoln.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and was commanded by the american civil war and dona ana county, new mexico.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york, united states and died in staten island.
alberto teisaire horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta.
the provisional president of the argentine senate is the provisional president of the argentine senate and the provisional president of the argentine senate.
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville, north carolina and was born in reidsville, north carolina.
the book alfred n. phillips was born in the united states army, where whiskey rebellion is a representatives from connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was born in the connecticut of the united states. alfred n. phillips was born in the connecticut office and is office who was born in the connecticut office.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut, alfred at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, was written in darien, connecticut.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas and is the succesor of worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked at, worked
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas, was born in lufkin, texas. he was born in lufkin, texas.
the secretary of state of vermont is the largest city in vermont which is found in the state of burlington, vermont which is located in the state of burlington, vermont which is in the state of burlington, vermont which is largest city in vermont.
alvah sabin is a dish from the united states where the largest city is burlington, vermont which is lead by daniel webster.
the american civil war was awarded the american civil war which was commanded by robert e lee and the american civil war.
alberto teisaire is a dish from the labour party of argentina where the labour party is the language spoken in argentina.
juan peron, born in mendoza, argentina, is the birthplace of alberto teisaire, which was born in mendoza, argentina.
the carnival corporation aidastella is operated by the carnival corporation & plc and is owned by the carnival corporation and plc and is owned by the carnival corporation and plc.
aidastella has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
the american locomotive company is the length of the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and has 12 four stroke engine.
the american locomotive company and american locomotive company is the length of the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company.
the book alv xx originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the alternative name for amc matador is thames, new zealand and is the location of the amc matador which is also known as thames, new zealand.
alhambra is located in humphrys, tennant and dykes. the building of the company is london and has the samuda brothers and samuda brothers.
american motors was published in the american motors which is located in the american motors which is in the country of wheel horse.
american submarine nrr was designed by the american submarine nrre, which was published in 1969. it has a length of 45000.0 millimetres and has a length of 45000.0 millimetres.
the mid-atlantic regional spaceport is located in delta ii which is in the united states and is the location of the rocket of the rocket and the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad (a minotaur iv.
the manufacture of rocket in antares (rocket) played in the 2014-07-28 were in the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad and the manufacture is kuzhnoye design office.
the manufacture of the rocket antares (rocket) played in the 2014-10-28 in the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad and the manufacturer is yuzhnoye design office.
ariane 5. metres and airbus defence and space are the maiden of ariane which was inal flight in the site of airbus defence and space. the maiden was guiana space centre. the maiden was airbus defence and space. the maiden was guiana space centre. the maiden was airbus defence and space. the maiden was guiana space centre. the maiden was airbus defence and space. the maiden was guiana space centre.
the location of the arianespace is arianespace which is headquartered in the city of courcourones and is operated by the guiana space centre which is headquartered in french guiana.
aston martin vr8tage is the location of aston martin who was published in the related city aston martin and is assembly as well as a newport pantage.
aston martin vers are the lated mean of transportation for aston martin ver, which has the related mean of transportation and aston martin rhamr/1.
the aston martin virage is located in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader and the leader is elizabeth ii.
audi an was body in brussels, belgium and is a member of the supermini body of brussels, belgium and has 1.2 plass in supermini.
audi is the manufacturer of audi a, division audi, which is based in ducati and is the subsidiary of audi.
caterpillar inc is the owner of the aidaluna which was founded in california.
aidaluna is located in the united states and is owned by aida cruises which was founded in rostock.
aidaluna is located in the united states and was founded in peoria, illinois, united states.
the carnival corporation aidastella is operated by the carnival corporation & plc and is owned by the carnival corporation and plc and is owned by the carnival corporation and plc.
the leader of finland is juha sipila and the sami language is spoken in finland where the leader is juha sipila.
the capital of germany is joachim gauck and the country is the location of the neptun werft of germany.
the leader of germany is andreas voskuhle and the capital city is berlin and the capital city is berlin and the capital city is berlin.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
abel hernandez has been the manager of penarol where abel hernandez has been manager of penarol.
aleksandr chumakov is a member of the soviet union national football team and died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko.
aleksandre guruli has been the chairman of the olympique lyonnais where the chairman is olympique lyonnais.
alessio romagnoli plays for u.c. sampdoria, has been the manager of a c milan and plays for u.c. sampdoria.
alessio romagnoli has been the chairman of a c milan who plays for u.c. sampdoria and has been the chairman of a c milan and plays for u.c. sampdoria.
abel hernandez is attached to the uruguay national football team and is the manager of us citt di palero who plays for u.s. citt, di palermo, who plays for u.s. citt wi palermo.
the manager of fc amkar perm is aleksandr prudnikov, whose chairman is fc spartak moscow, who plays for sergey rodionov.
aleksandr prudnikov is found in the sergey rodionov club and plays for both sergey rodionov.
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc spartak moscow and fc spartak moscow and fc spartak moscow and fc spartak moscow.
aleksandr chumakov is a member of the soviet union national football team and plays for valery petrakov. aleksandr chumakov has managed fc torpedo moscow who plays for valery petrakov.
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and is the manager of ferencvarosi tc and is the manager of ferencvarosi tc.
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and is the manager of ferencvarosi tc and is the manager of ferencvarosi tc.
19255 gilograms are the main periaps of the kilograms of the a9255 1994 and the apoapsia has 66 kilograms.
the american james craig watson was an american who died in canada and died in canada and has died in canada.
the james craig watson was originally published in the university of michigan and is the location of the james craig watson which was originally published in the university of michigan.
the doctoral student of the baade was walter baade, which was born in walter baade, german empire and doctoral student was walter baade.
the doctoral student was walter baade, which was born in walter baade which is doctoral student who was born in walter baade which is doctoral student who was born in walter baade.
walter baade is an american who was born in walter baade, germany and was born in walter baade, germany.
the american james craig watson was written by the university of michigan and was discovered by the university of michigan and has died in canada and died in canada.
the american james craig watson was published in madison, wisconsin. the country is the location of the alma mater of the university of michigan.
the discoverer of 107 camilla in the kilometres, 107 camilla has a period of 560905 (kilometres). the country is the location of the 107 camilla kilometres.
the construction of 107 camilla competed in the 2006-12-31 is the location of the 107 camilla in the kilometres period and has the iscoverer 2006-12-31.
the apoapsis located in the kilometres, 107 camilla has a period of 560905 (kilometres), has a period of 560905 (kilometres).
the discoverer of the 107 camilla in england is chennai. n. r. pogson was born in england and died in chennai.
108 tama has a former name of 108 tama, which has a former name of 108 tama, which has a former name of 108 tama and has the apoapsis 1202.846 days.
110 clematis was escape velocity of 5.7 (kilograms) and has the apoapsis 2002 kilometres and was established in the 2006 september 2006.
11264 claudiomaccone is located in the kilometres period and has the apoapsis 1513.722 days. the claudiomaccone has the apoapsis 1513.722 days.
abdul taib mahmud is a dish from the asajaya region of asajaya and was born in asajaya on 21 january 1936.
abdul taib mahmud was born in demak jaya, jalan bako, kuching, sarawak and sarawak. the abdul taib mahmud was born in demak jaya, jalan bako, kuching, sarawak.
the branch of mike akhigbe is the predecessor of the abdulsalami abubakar which was predeced by the nigerian navy and the nigerian navy and oladipo diya.
abdulsalami abubakar was written in the oladipo diya in 1999.
abraham a. ribicoff is from the united states and was born in the united states, and died in connecticut.
abraham a. ribicoff is from the united states and was born in new york city, united states.
abraham a. ribicoff is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge in the member of parliament for gravesham and the military branch of adam holloway.
adam holloway was started in the magdalene college, cambridge in the magdalene college, cambridge in the magdalene college, cambridge.
adonis georgiadis is located in the konstantinos mitsotakis. adonis georgiadis is located in the konstantinos mitsotakis.
the netherlands leader is house of representatives (netherlands) where the leader is house of representatives.
the nationality of agnes kant is mark rutte and the leader of the country is mark rutte.
the nationality of agnes kant is mark rutte and the leader is mark rutte and the leader is mark rutte.
albert b white was born in parkersburg, west virginia and was born in parkersburg, west virginia and was born on the 3rd of july 1941.
albert b white was born in bloomington, maryland and died in cleveland and died in cleveland.
albert b white was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland.
albert b white was born in cleveland, in the republican party (united states), was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland.
alberto teisaire horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta and the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta.
the provisional president of the argentine senate is the provisional president of the argentine senate, alberto teisaire, which was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfons gorbach died in styria, was born in the state of austria.
alfons gorbach died in styria, was born in the state of imst and died in styria.
the largest city in vermont is burlington, vermont which is located in sycamore, illinois, where the largest city is burlington, vermont.
alvah sabin was born in the state of burlington, vermont and died in sycamore, illinois, where the largest city is burlington, vermont.
the battle of gettysburg is located in the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the american civil war was commanded by siege of petersburg which is the location of the american civil war which is part of the american civil war.
alberto teisaire is a traditional dish from the region of argentina where the labour party is the language spoken in argentina.
suburban legends is the associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated to aaron bertram.
aaron deer is a united states citizen who originates from indiana, in the united states.
aaron turner was originally from the united states. the turner was designed by aaron turner which was originally from the united states.
the aaron turner was originally from the massachusetts originates from massachusetts and was a test of massachusetts.
abradab was born in the 12th of november 1978 and was born in the 12th of february 1978.
ace wilder was born in singing and was born in singing on 23rd july 1982.
ace wilder was born in songwriter and was born in songwriter and was born in songwriter.
hip hop music was designed by hip hop music which is located in the country of disco which is the genre of disco.
hip hop music was born in disco where hip hop music was born in disco.
al anderson (born in the wildweeds) was born in windsor, connecticut and was born in windsor, connecticut.
rock music was written in the country of guitar and is the location of the rock music which was published in the country of guitar.
alan frew originates from the musician originating from the musician originates from the musician originated in musician.
aleksandra kovan was born in the disco born aleksandra kovan where the background is the solo singer.
aleksandra kovan was a member of the associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in london where the leader is boris johnson and the leader is boris johnson.
alfred garth jones was born in london, which is lead by the european parliament. alfred garth jones was born in london which is lead by the european parliament.
the folk music of ireland is the record label of the folk music of ireland and is the location of the alison o donnell which was recorded as a flibbertigibbet.
alison o donnell is located in london and is the location of deram records which is located in london and the record label was deram records.
alison o donnell is a folk music from the stylistic of autoharp, which is the location of the alison o donnell.
alison o donnell is in the stylistic origin of voice, bodhran, percussion, autoharp.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama.
the voice of the wetlands all stars is the associated band associated band associated band associated to the voice of the wetlands all stars and was a voice of the wetlands all stars.
the associated band associated musical artist for anders osborne is tab benoit. the musical artist for anders osborne is blues.
andra (singer) was born in singer, reality television judge and was born in singer, reality television judge.
andra (singer) was born in singing and was born in singing and was born in singing.
andrew rayel artist was the associated band associated band alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau, alexandre bergheau,
andrew rayel which was born in trance music, was born in trance music with the associated band associated to armin van buuren and was born in trance music.
andrew rayel was born in trance music with the associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated band associated to the associated band associated to the associated band associated band associated to the associated band associated
the band associated band associated band associated musical artist for the andrew rayel is john digweed. the musical artist for the andrew rayel are john digweed.
andrew white is the record label andrew white in musician, where the label artist is polydor records.
hip hop music was born in disco where hip hop music was born in disco.
hip hop music was born in disco where hip hop music was born in the disco in 1981.
alfred garth jones was born in london which is lead by the parliament of the united kingdom and died in london, which is lead by the parliament of the uk.
juan afara is the leader of paraguay where the spanish language is spoken in paraguay where the leader is juan afara.
andrew white is the record label andrew white in musician, which has the record label and bunique records and bunique records.
andrew white is also known as andrew white in musician, where the records label andrew white is the polydor records.
the country music fusion genre is the blues in the country of guitar and is the location of the rock music which was published in the country of guitar.
the rock music was written in the country of country which is genred by the blues in the country of country music which is genred by banjo.
aaron turner was written in the electric guitar and is the location of aaron turner which is associated band associated band associated band associated to the electric genre.
the leader of the country is daniel martinez, and daniel martinez is the leader of the politician politician and the leader of the country is daniel martinez and the leader is daniel martinez.
