abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
18l/36r is the runway name at adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
sbct is the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport.
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
the runway length of al-taqaddum air base is 3684.0.
the runway name of alderney airport is 14/32.
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12.
18 is the number of the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol.
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt.
06/24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county, texas.
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896.0.
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt.
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439.0.
the runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is 518.0.
utaa is the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport.
11/29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport.
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority.
13/31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport.
dutch is the language of belgium.
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil.
denmark's demonym is the danes.
fallujah is located in iraq.
greenville, wisconsin is in the united states.
greenville, wisconsin is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq.
madrid is in spain.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the united states.
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan.
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey.
houston is the largest city in texas.
the united states air force was battled in 1986.
the boeing c-17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the u.s.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
carrol county, maryland is to the southeast of adams county, pennsylvania.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister.
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue is postmodern architecture.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler.
the building of 320 south boston building was started in 1910.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms.
james pain and george richard pain was the architect of adare manor.
adisham hall is located in haputale.
the akita museum of art is located in japan.
the college of william and mary owns the alan b. miller hall.
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road.
the reference number in the national register of historic places of asher and mary isabelle richardson house is 88002539.
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds.
the architecture the asilomar conference grounds is located at the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows.
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city.
buffalo, new york is part of erie county, new york.
byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
county limerick is part of munster.
críona ní dhálaigh is the leader of dublin.
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia.
indian people are from india.
the los angeles herald examiner buildings called julia morgan.
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills, california.
manhattan is part of new york.
new york city is part of new netherland.
pacific grove, california is part of california.
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
1634: the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint.
1634: the ram rebellion is available in print.
aids (journal) is published in the united kingdom.
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
a long long way is written in the english language.
diane duane was the author of a wizard of mars.
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025-5858.
above the veil was written by garth nix.
above the veil is available in print.
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567-7920.
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978.
addiction (journal) comes under the academic discipline of addiction.
the english language is spoken in aenir.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english.
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics.
the novel castle is in the english language.
eric flint was born in burbank, california.
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
a glastonbury romance is the notable work of john cowper powys.
soho press is in the united states.
faber and faber is the publisher of the secret scripture.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
english is the language of the united states.
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to weymouth sands.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
a.d. isidro metapán is in the salvadoran primera division league.
the full name of a.f.c. blackpool is "association football club blackpool".
a.f.c. blackpool's ground is the mechanics.
a.f.c. blackpool is in blackpool.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
aek athens f.c.'s ground is in athens.
aek athens f.c. were in the 2014-15 football league in greece.
the azal arena is located in baku.
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014-15.
akron, ohio is located in the united states.
akron, ohio is located in summit county, ohio.
the full name of akron summit assault is "akron metro futbol club summit assault".
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan.
christian panucci plays for chelsea f.c.
christian panucci plays for inter milan.
frank de boer played for fc barcelona.
gubbio is in the region of umbria.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy.
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc.
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
peter stöger plays for 1. fc köln.
rolando maran plays for f.c. bari 1908.
jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is located in the united states.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is situated in the state of alba.
b.m. reddy is the president of acharya institute of technology.
kerala has mahe, india to its northwest.
meride is the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio.
bucharest is the capital of romania.
the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16,000 students.
alan bean is an american.
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963.
benitoite is a gemstone in california.
elliot see died on feb 28, 1966.
elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see is deceased.
april o'neil was created by kevin eastman.
bananaman broadcast bananaman.
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
bo bibbowski is the full name of bibbo bibowski.
bill oddie was born in lancashire.
jon valor is the alternative name for black pirate.
john buscema won the eisner award.
the nationality of karl kesel is american.
marv wolfman won the kirby award.
the nationality of peter laird is united states.
scott adsit was born in northbrook, illinois.
the area code for albany, georgia is 229.
albany is part of the united states.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is the mayor.
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives.
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico senate.
amarillo, texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
amarillo is part of randall county, texas.
anderson is part of richland township, madison county, indiana.
angola, indiana is 324.0 above sea level.
the area code for antioch, california is 925.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california.
arlington, texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed.
atlantic city, new jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
attica, indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama.
auburn, washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
austin is part of texas.
the spanish language is spoken in california.
dekalb county, georgia is in the dekalb county in georgia.
fulton county is in georgia in the united states.
anderson is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
michigan is in the united states.
detroit is the largest city in michigan.
orange county, california is in the united states.
portland is the largest city in oregon.
the largest city in tarrant county, texas is fort worth.
barack obama is the leader of the united states.
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol.
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce.
chili pepper is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce.
white rice is an ingredient in arròs negre.
arros negre is from the catalonia region.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore.
tomato is an ingredient in a blt.
baked alaska is from hong kong.
bakewell pudding is served by akewell pudding.
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region.
barny cakes have 30 g of size size.
batagor is a variation of shumai.
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in indonesia.
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji.
taro is an ingredient in binignit.
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico.
bionico is a food found in jalisco.
chicken is in the class bird.
indian rupee is the currency in india.
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan.
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia.
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco.
banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java.
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia.
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo.
spanish is spoken in new york.
shumai is in china.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay.
the ethnic group of sumatra is the ethnic group of malays.
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick, maryland.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
albany is a city in oregon where the capital is oregon.
albuquerque, new mexico, is led by the united states house of representatives.
amarillo is part of texas, united states.
anaheim, california is part of california and the united states house of representatives.
anaheim, california is part of orange county, california, united states.
adams township, madison county, indiana, is part of adams township, madison county, indiana, in the united states.
antioch, california has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
arlington, texas has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres and is 258.2 square kilometres.
arlington is part of texas, united states.
atlanta is part of georgia.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city, new jersey is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city, new jersey has a total area of 1421.2 square kilometres and has a total area of 1421.2 square kilometres.
auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington in the united states.
albany, oregon is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc.
amarillo texas is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc.
albuquerque, new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
auburn, alabama is located in the united states, where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where the language is english.
albuquerque, new mexico, is led by the president.
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy.
arem-arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia.
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and malaysia.
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich.
bacon explosion includes the ingredients sausage and bacon.
the alternative name for the bacon sandwich is bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. it contains bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france.
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader.
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states.
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding.
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia.
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is found in the family of celery.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the country of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of the indonesian dish batagor.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish.
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
bhajji originates from the country india where the demonym for people is indian.
bhajji originates from india where the leader is called t s thakur.
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit comes from.
binignit is a dish from the philippines.
the main ingredient of binignit is banana.
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader.
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region.
cake is a type of dessert, as is bionico, which is a dessert.
bakso is a dish from indonesia, where joko widodo is the leader.
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai.
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh.
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language spoken is arabic.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in the invasion of grenada.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3.3528 metres above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and its 1st runway is made of asphalt.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and serves the city of amsterdam.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where houston is the largest city.
angola international airport serves luanda and serves luanda.
the runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae.
the length of the first runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet in length.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey.
infraero is operated by infraero, brasilia.
fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga.
verona, italy is the home to a.c. chievo verona which has 39371 members.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 a epsth greece season.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for blackburn rovers f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for irlam town football club.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio.
a.s. livorno calcio is in the serie b league.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a.s. roma.
paulo sousa played for juventus fc.
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s.p.a. and has 47290 members.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and their ground is in greece.
the olympic stadium (athens) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play in the superleague greece.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is sportpark de toekomst where jong ajax is the tenant.
azal pfk competed in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season.
gubbio has a ground in gubbio where the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where pietro grasso is the leader.
luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma and plays for empoli f.c.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
virginia demarce is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which was written by virginia demarce.
aip advances (abbreviated to aip adv.) has 2158 abbreviated to aip adv.
a fortress of grey ice is available in print form.
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys.
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and is available in print & paperback.
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong.
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735.
the english language is spoken in great britain. english is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp has the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
julius springer is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which was founded by julius springer.
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0-439-92550-9.
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 and the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson.
the american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math), comes under the academic discipline of math.
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publish the american journal of mathematics.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba, alba.
the visvesvaraya technological university is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
b.m. reddy is the president of acharya institute of technology in bangalore.
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai.
the leader of kerala is kochi.
the creator of april o'neil is peter laird.
jill shilling starred in bananaman which stars jill shilling.
bananaman starred graeme garden and starred graeme garden.
tim brooke-taylor, born in derbyshire, starred in bananaman.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t seagle and steven t. seagle.
the comic book character ben urich, whose full name is benjamin urich, was created by roger mckenzie and the comic book writer roger mckenzie.
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway.
bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and marv wolfman.
alan bean was born on mar 15, 1932 in retired.
alan shepard was a test pilot who is deceased.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s.
108 st. georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 public square is located in the united states.
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 north lasalle, chicago, has 60 floors.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler, which is in the united states.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at east link bridge.
the 3arena is located in dublin, company populous.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international.
adare manor was completed in 1862.
adare manor is located in adare,county limerick.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
the architecture style of adisham hall is tudor revival architecture.
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and a floor count of 3.
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road.
ampara hospital is in eastern province, sri lanka, where austin fernando is the leader.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, united states.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new york city.
adare manor is located in county limerick, munster.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler, texas. he is now retired.
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge, new jersey. joe biden is a leader.
buzz aldrin, who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963, was selected by nasa in 1963 as a united states national.
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin.
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st. louis.
elliot see died on feb 28, 1966.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space.
1634: the bavarian crisis is available in print and has 448 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair and is spoken in great britain.
alexander l. wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery in the association for computing machinery which has headquarters in new york city.
the aids (journal) comes under the academic discipline hiv/aids and has the issn number 0269-9370.
the aids (journal) comes under the academic discipline hiv/aids and has the issn number 1473-5571.
a t charlie johnson is the editor of aip advances which is edited by a.t. charlie johnson, who resides in the united states. his alma mater is stanford university.
the author of a fortress of grey ice is j.v. jones and has the oclc number 51969173.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the abbreviation abh. math. semin. univ. hambg. it has the abbreviation abh. math. semin. univ. hambg.
above the veil is followed by above the veil which is followed by above the veil.
aenir was written by garth nix and was written by garth nix.
garth nix is the author of above the veil which is 248 pages long.
acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol.) has an issn number of 0567-7920 and issn number 0567-7920.
addiction (journal) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 1360-0443.
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley-blackwell, which is the publisher of the journal addiction, whose issn number is 0965-2140.
cornell university, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages. the oclc number is 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken (as in great britain).
john cowper powys was born in shirley, derbyshire and died in shirley, derbyshire and died in shirley, derbyshire.
the administrative science quarterly was founded by sara miller mccune and has the issn number 0001-8392.
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is known as the president.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for sv germania schoneiche.
massimo drago manages a.c. cesena and plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
the full name of a.c. lumezzane is "associazione calcio lumezzane spa" and has 4150 members.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members.
a.f.c. blackpool have 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool and has 1500 members.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for runcorn fc halton and the chesterfield football club.
afc fylde's manager is dave challinor who played football for colwyn bay fc and colwyn bay f.c.
livorno, italy is the home ground of a.s. livorno calcio, which has 19238 members and their ground is in livorno, italy.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci and play in serie b where carpi fc 1909 are previous champions.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea fc and real madrid cf.
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece where olympiacos fc are previous champions.
aek athens f.c. manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f.c.
amsterdam-centrum is the leader of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax (amateurs) is located.
amsterdam-noord is the leader of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax (amateurs) is located.
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for istanbulspor a.s.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma and plays for empoli f.c.
massimo drago plays for s.s. chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
massimo drago plays for u.s castrovillari calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
massimo drago plays for u.s castrovillari calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, in the cuyahoga county in ohio.
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and is located in the united states.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, which is part of dupage county, illinois.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler, which has 22 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena at north wall quay.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which has 23 floors.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was 3xn.
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury.
the architect of adare manor was jp mcmanus.
adisham hall was completed in 1931.
adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
the mason school of business is located in the united states and the mason school of business.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum.
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan, who was born in california.
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd, pacific grove, california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a, manhattan and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980.
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and is located in new york city.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham which is lead by liberal democrats.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia, where hailemariam desalegn is the leader.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, ahmedabad, gujarat, ahmedabad.
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda, maryland and is located in bethesda, maryland.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
albuquerque, new mexico, has a total area of 1142.3 square kilometres and has a total area of 1142.3 square kilometres.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
anaheim, california has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres and has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
anaheim, california is part of the california state capitol and is the location of the california state senate.
anderson, indiana, is part of the lafayette township, madison county, indiana, in the united states.
angola, indiana, is part of the pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california, which is part of contra costa county, california.
arlington is part of tarrant county, texas, united states.
atlanta is located in the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the population density of atlanta is 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of newark, new jersey, in the united states. the largest city in new jersey is newark.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states where the largest city is atlantic county, new jersey.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama, united states.
auburn, washington, d.c. is the capital of the united states where the capital is washington dc and washington dc is the capital.
the washington state is part of olympia, washington and the capital is olympia.
albany is part of dougherty county, georgia.
madison county, indiana is part of madison county, indiana, in the united states. madison county, indiana is part of madison county, indiana, in the united states.
the capital of new jersey is trenton, new jersey, in the united states.
the largest city in texas is houston and the largest city is houston.
attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana, in the united states.
fountain county, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana, in the united states.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the language is english.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
albany is located in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
albuquerque, new mexico is located in the united states, where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
angola, indiana is located within the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
aarhus airport, operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s, has a runway length of 2776.0 and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, in spain.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in the united states bombing of libya in 1986.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and is operated by the united states air force.
the alderney airport serves the city of alderney and serves the city of alderney.
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, united states.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where the capital is austin and the language spoken is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the demonym is tejano.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, whose headquarters are in new jersey, whose headquarters are in new jersey.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, part of the community of madrid in madrid, which is part of the community of madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, spain.
the adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes, spain.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, united states. to the southeast of adams county is carrol county, maryland.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania. to the southeast of adams county is carrol county, maryland.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the capital is baku.
azerbaijan's legislature is artur rasizade and the national assembly is the leader of azerbaijan.
the atatürk monument is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of the javanese dish arem arem.
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of rome in italy.
arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of rome in italy.
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria.
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia, where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d.c.
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a club sandwich.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region.
baked alaska is from france where manual valls and manuel valls are leaders. the country's leader is manuel valls and manuel valls and manual valls are leaders.
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states.
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert that contains sponge cake.
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be found in the derbyshire dales region. the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region. the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia.
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders.
noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef are main ingredients in batchoy which comes from the philippines.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where the leader is tony tan.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore.
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
banana is an ingredient in binignit which comes from the dessert course. cookies are also a type of dessert.
binignit is a dessert that contains sago and sago. cookies are also a type of dessert.
taro is an ingredient in binignit which comes from the dessert course. cookies are also a type of dessert.
one of the main ingredients of binignit is banana.
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the country of mexico.
bionico is a food found in the guadalajara region of mexico.
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan.
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
awh engineering college in kerala, india has 250 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students.
the awh engineering college is located in kerala, india. kerala has mahe, india to its northwest.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania which has the ethnic group of germans of romania.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania, where the leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association in brussels.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928.
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and rene goscinny and rene goscinny.
bananaman starred tim brooke-taylor and starred tim brooke-taylor and starred tim brooke-taylor.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter.
the comic character, blockbuster, was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino.
the comic character, bolt, was created by dan mishkin and dan mishkin.
the comic character bolt was created by both gary cohn and ernie colon.
103 colmore row was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where the capital is cape town and the asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states. the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
300 north lasalle, illinois, was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was 3xn and is located in copenhagen.
adare manor is located in adare,county limerick, munster.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall, williamsburg, virginia.
the leader of india is narendra modi and amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india.
asilomar conference grounds, constructed in 1913, is located in pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a, manhattan and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, which is part of new york city which is part of new york city.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan where gale brewer is the leader.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham which is lead by andrew mitchell.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham which is lead by the labour party (uk).
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where the leader is sumitra mahajan.
the leader of india is narendra modi and amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan.
the parliament of the united kingdom is the location of 20 fenchurch street in london which is lead by elizabeth ii.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden is a leader and the leader is known as the president.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the capital is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the capital is baku and its native name is turk sehitleri aniti.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland and is located in frederick county, maryland.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is found in turkey, where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
albuquerque, new mexico, has an area of land area of 1142.3 square kilometres.
alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia, united states. alpharetta is part of fulton county, georgia, united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas, united states where african americans are an ethnic group there.
amarillo is a city in potter county, texas, united states. amarillo texas is part of the state of austin.
the california state assembly is the leader of california where the california state capitol is the leader of california.
anderson, indiana has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and is 523.9 (square kilometres).
angola, indiana, is part of the pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, in the united states.
the area codes for antioch, california, is 75.324 square kilometres.
the population density of atlantic city, new jersey is 1421.2 (inhabitants per square kilometres).
lee county, alabama is part of lee county, alabama, united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
lee county, alabama is part of lee county, alabama, united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
auburn, washington is part of king county, washington d.c. auburn, washington is part of king county, washington dc.
auburn, washington is part of king county, washington d.c. auburn, washington is part of king county, washington dc.
houston is the largest city in texas, where houston is the largest city in texas.
the chinese language is spoken in california where the chinese language is spoken.
georgia is part of fulton county, georgia in the united states. georgia is part of fulton county, georgia, united states.
the capital of indiana is lafayette township, madison county, indiana, in the united states.
the largest city in texas is houston and the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
albany is located in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
the capital of the united states is washington dc and new jersey is part of new jersey.
barack obama is the leader of the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
albuquerque, new mexico is located in the united states, where the leader is john sanchez and the leader is john sanchez.
albany is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group there.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
angola, indiana is part of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
angola, indiana is part of the pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and played for fsv zwickau.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran, who was born in italy and plays for f.c. bari 1908.
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for a.c. chievo verona.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county fc.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county fc.
afc fylde's ground is in warton, fylde, lancashire and has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
association football club fylde (abbreviated to a.f.c. fylde) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
paulo sousa played for the inter milan club and maccabi tel aviv f.c.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and played in the superleague greece. they have 69618 members and played in the superleague greece.
afc ajax (amateurs)'s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax n.v. and operated by afc ajax n.v..
afc ajax (amateurs)'s full name is "amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs" and they have 5000 members.
john van den brom plays for both afc ajax and vitesse arnhem and afc ajax.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in alagoas. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in alagoas.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the alagoas league in brazil.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school in akron, summit county, ohio, united states.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso.
peter stöger is attached to the club fc admira wacker mödling and the fk austria wien club.
abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway named 17l/35r with a length of 2,194.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, new york and serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake, new york.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the runway name is 18l/36r and it has a length of 3500.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force. it is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air force. the airport is operated by the indian air fo
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway name of 08/26.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews, texas. it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 973.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states. the capital of texas is austin. austin is the capital of texas.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states. the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport which has headquarters in ashgabat, turkmenistan.
athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, united states. the leader of atlantic city, new jersey is don guardian.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority which is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. the leader of the country is stephen dilts.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the french language is spoken.
saranac lake, new york is part of harrietstown, essex county, new york, united states.
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken.
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab, pakistan where malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order of commelinids.
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which is located in the city of broadcasting house in london.
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter.
the comic character bolt was created by both gary cohn and ernie colon.
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al. it has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1-4165-2060-0.
the aids journal is published by lippincott, williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer and the leader is elizabeth ii.
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 51969173.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the native americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language spoken.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has 560 pages and an isbn number of 978-0-15-204770-2.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviated to acta math. hungar) has the issn number 0236-5294.
acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol) is abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol. it has the issn number 0567-7920.
acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol) is published by the polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol. and the lccn number is 60040714.
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
cornell university in ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
aenir is available in paperback and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the african americans are an ethnic group.
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states and is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and where barack obama is the leader.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and where barack obama is the leader.
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and spent 100305 minutes in space.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was born in british hong kong where chris patten is a representative.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin, who was born in edwin eugene aldrin jr., was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california and died in california.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal and died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
william anders was a fighter pilot and a crew member of nasa's apollo 8 operated by nasa.
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor, india. the ganges is a river in india.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation in mumbai.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, alba county, romania. the capital of the country is bucharest and its capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus, denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala in the state of kerala. the leader of kerala is kochi.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis.
amatriciana sauce contains tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers are the main ingredients of arros negre which is from the catalonia region of spain.
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is the parliament of catalonia.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra where the malaysian malay and malaysian malay are ethnic groups.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital city is washington d.c.
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk where ketchup can be an ingredient.
the bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom and is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
baked alaska comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the african americans are an ethnic group.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake (or christmas pudding).
meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the region of hong kong and china.
meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the united states. the main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which comes from the derbyshire dales region where fruit preserves are an ingredient.
tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which comes from the country of indonesia.
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia and originates from indonesia.
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader.
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of the siomay dish.
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and contains noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia and singapore.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken and halimah yacob is a leader.
kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which comes from indonesia.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india.
bhajji come from the karnataka region of the karnataka region of the karnataka region.
sweet potato belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants and the order solanales.
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines. the main ingredients are sago and sago.
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico.
sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader.
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where tony tan is the leader.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language is philippine spanish and the language is philippine spanish.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines where batchoy is eaten.
the dessert binignit dish can be found in the philippines where philippine english is the language spoken.
sandesh (confectionery) and binignit comes from the philippines. sandesh is also a dessert.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazette preceded by the grantville gazette.
affiliated with the association of american universities, cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the novel into battle (novel) was preceded by the novel castle and into battle.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634: the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair and was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the capital city is washington dc and the african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is known as the president and the language spoken is english.
albany, georgia is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
alpharetta, georgia is located in the united states where the largest city is atlanta and the largest city is atlanta.
amarillo is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the language is english.
amarillo is part of the state of potter county, texas, united states. amarillo texas is part of the state of austin.
potter county, texas is part of the state of potter county, texas, united states. the capital of texas is austin.
anderson, indiana, is part of anderson township, madison county, indiana, in the united states.
antioch, california is part of california, where the leader is called san francisco bay area in california.
the area of land of atlanta is 344.9 (square kilometres).
attica, indiana has a total area of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometres.
lee county, alabama is located in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
auburn, washington is part of king county, washington in the united states.
williamson county, texas is part of the williamson county in texas, where the largest city is round rock, texas where the largest city is round rock, texas.
austin, texas is part of hays county, texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston.
hays county, texas is part of hays county, texas, where san marcos is a largest city in texas.
alexandria, indiana is part of madison county, indiana, in the united states. the capital of indiana is in madison county, indiana.
houston is the largest city in texas where the largest city is houston and the spanish language is spoken.
austin is the largest city in tarrant county, texas, united states where the largest city is tarrant county, texas.
white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital city is washington d.c. and white americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital city is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
angola, indiana is part of the steuben county in indiana, in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington d.c.
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group there.
newark is part of new jersey, in the united states where the largest city is new jersey.
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the leader is known as the president and the leader is known as the president. the leader of the united states is known as the president.
angola, indiana is part of the steuben county in indiana, in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
akron, ohio is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument (established in 2000) is located in gettysburg, pennsylvania united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has cumberland county to its north and carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is artur rasizade.
the atatürk monument is located in izmir, turkey, where the largest city is istanbul and the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul.
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. kerala has an academic staff of 250.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor, india. the largest city in india is mumbai.
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala, india. the largest city in india is mumbai.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has a staff compliment of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and steven t. seagle.
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f.c. bari 1908 and vicenza calcio.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for stockport county fc.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is sergio mattarella and the leader is sergio mattarella.
the olympic stadium (athens) is the home ground of aek athens fc who played for chelsea fc.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella.
arem-arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java. indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups.
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia where the malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups.
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states. the main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc and white americans are one of the ethnic groups.
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk. the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce.
baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken. baked alaska is from france where the french language is spoken.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department of colombia. it includes the ingredient of rutaceae.
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande.
batagor is a variation of siomay which is a variation of siomay which is a variation of the siomay dish.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor contains shiitake.
batagor is a variation of shumai which is a variation of shumai which is found in indonesia.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india, where the leader is called t s thakur.
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india. t.s. thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india.
bionico is a dessert that contains chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. the main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico, where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the leader is enrique pena nieto.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo. it is a dessert found in mexico.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is carles puigdemont and the leader is carles puigdemont.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy, where the leader is laura boldrini and the language spoken is italian.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is laura boldrini.
the leader of italy is pietro grasso and matteo renzi and pietro grasso are leaders in italy.
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group.
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group in java.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language is philippine spanish and arabic as one of the ethnic groups.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region where susana diaz is the leader and spaniards are the ethnic group.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain. the leader of the country is felipe vi.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of nasa's apollo 8 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and served as a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa. william anders was a backup pilot on the nasa operated apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa and is now retired.
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and died in california.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california and died in california.
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1st, 1969.
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire and is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force and has a runway length of 1818.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and has a runway length of 3992.88.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom.
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 733.0.
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority.
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, united states. the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states. the airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states. the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
angola international airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0 and is 159 metres above sea level.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is nikos voutsis.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is prokopis pavlopoulos.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, united states. the leader of atlantic city, new jersey is don guardian.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp, belgium where the capital is brussels.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, in the united states. it is part of atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, new york which is part of harrietstown, new york, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, which is part of harrietstown, essex county, new york, united states.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force. the hal light combat helicopter is a leader in uttar pradesh.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is fuad masum.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states.
250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is lead by margrethe ii of denmark.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is led by lars lokke rasmussen.
the palace of westminster is the leader of the republic of ireland where adare manor is located in the republic of ireland where the leader is enda kenny.
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and was completed in 1964.
akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. the leader of japan is tarō asō.
alan b. miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary and is owned by the college of william and mary and is owned by the college of william and mary.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, ahmedabad, india, where the leader is sumitra mahajan.
ampara hospital is located in ampara district, eastern province, sri lanka. austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka.
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds, the asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds, the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of new netherland and is part of new netherland.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham which is lead by the labour politician john clancy.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the leader is called the president.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania. it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which has cumberland county to its north and frederick county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of ba
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in the state of maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the united states.
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler, texas on march 15th, 1932. he spent 100305 minutes in space.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california and died in california.
alan bean was born in june 1981 and retired on june 1981 and retired in june 1981.
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was a fighter pilot who was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he was a fighter pilot who was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal and died in california.
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit, m.s. in 1962 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1st, 1969.
william anders was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin as a backup pilot.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, karnataka, india. it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association, headquartered in brussels. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association, headquartered in brussels. dean is lars lokke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college in kerala, india was established in 2001 in the state of kerala where the largest city is mumbai.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. the capital of romania is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is found in turkey, where the largest city is istanbul and the capital city is ankara.
the atatürk monument (izmir) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932. it is located in izmir, turkey, where the leader is the president of turkey.
the atatürk monument (izmir) is located in izmir, turkey, where the largest city is istanbul and the largest city is istanbul and the largest city is istanbul.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in 2000.
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka, which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania where the leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and the capital is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association. the school is affiliated with the european university association and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association and has 16,000 students and 16000 students.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas on march 15th, 1932. he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree at the university of texas at austin in 1955. he was a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 12.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa. alfred worden was a backup pilot on the nasa operated apollo 12.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from mit with a sc. d in 1963. he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and spent 52 minutes in space.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was a crew member of apollo 11. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was awarded the massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. in 1963. he was awarded the massachusetts institute of technology with a sc.d in 1963. he
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. he retired on september 1st, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1st, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 in british hong kong. he retired on september 1st, 1969.
the award of aaron s daggett is purple heart.
aaron s daggett was battle of mine run.
ab klink was born in stellendam, netherlands.
abdul rahman ya's office while vice president is tuanku bujang tuanku othman.
abdul taib mahmud is part of parti bumiputera sarawak.
the successor of abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib.
abdulsalami abubakar was built in 1999.
the birth place of abdulsalami abubakar is minna.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state.
abner w sibal was built in 1965.
abner w. sibal is located in alexandria, virginia.
adam holloway was born in kent.
the residence of adam holloway is gravesend.
the university of adenan satem is in the university of adelaide.
adolf scharf was born in mikulov.
adonis georgiadis is located in the antonis samaras.
the adonis georgiadis was written by deputy minister for development, competiveness and shipping.
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf.
agnes ward white was born in marietta, ohio.
airey neave was started in 1953.
airey neave was awarded the military cross.
airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london.
the militar rank of airey neave is lieutenant colonel.
airey neave started in 1935.
albert b. white is part of the republican party of the united states.
agnes ward white is the spoule of albert b. white.
the military branch of albert jennings fountain is union army.
argentina is the nationality of alberto teisaire.
alberto teisaire is prodeced in the rear admiral in the argentine navy.
austria is the death of alfons gorbach.
alfred moore scales was started in the active year start date.
alfred moore scales was battle of chancellorsville.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was written by mayor of stamford, connecticut.
allan shivers was started in 1947.
the united states army is a branch of allan shivers.
price daniel is the successor of allan shivers.
alvah sabin was started in 1853-03-04.
whig party is part of the united states.
the commander of american civil war is robert e. lee.
austria's language is austrian german.
the commander of battle of antietam is robert e. lee.
the battle of cold harbor is part of the american civil war.
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti.
colin powell is the commander of gulf war.
dwight d. eisenhower is the predecessor of john f kennedy.
josef klaus is in the university of vienna.
the predecessor of juan carlos i of spain is francisco franco.
juan peron is a member of the labour party (argentina).
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands.
the united states army comes from the united states army.
william m. o. dawson was born in bloomington, maryland.
dodge coronet is the alternative name for the book "1955 dodge".
230 cubic inchess are the engional engine of 1955 dodge.
the christern of a rosa luna was 2005-04-07.
aida cruises is located in rostock.
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises.
aidastella was christen by the 2013-03-16.
aidastella was completed in 2013-03-11.
the maiden voyage for aidastella is 2013-03-17.
aidastella is operated by aida cruises.
the launch of the alv x-1 is mid-atlantic regional spaceport.
american motors matador is the alternative name for the american motors matador.
ara veinticinco de mayo is in sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948.
abarth 1000 gt coupe is located in the straight four engine.
honda k engine is the engine of the engine of the acura tlx.
acura tlx play in the awd vehicle.
honda accord is the related mean of transportation of acura tlx.
acura tlx was a transmission of v6.
alfa romeo 164 is in arese.
the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 is lancia thema.
the alfa rome 164 has the transmission of zf 4hp18qe.
samuda brothers is designed by alhambra.
alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3 m.
alhambra is in wrecked.
alhambra has top speed in 18.52.
alvis speed 25 is a member of the straight straight straight six engine.
the model start year of alvis speed 25 is 1937.
american submarine nro-1 has a ship draft of 4.6 m.
the final flight of antares (rocket) is 2014-10-28.
the launch of the rocket antares is mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0.
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina.
ariane 5 launch site is guiana space centre.
ariane 5 maiden flight is 2005-08-11.
aston martin v8 was body in convertible.
aston martin v8 manufacture is aston martin.
aston martin virage is in aston martin.
the final flight of atlas ii is 1998-03-16.
the launch of the atlas ii is atlas ii.
audi was founded by august horch.
audi a1's assembly is audi brussels.
the related mean of transportation of audi a1 is seat ibiza.
caterpillar inc is located in peoria, illinois.
costa crociere is located in genoa.
the desoto custom has the related mean of transportation.
alfa romeo 164 is the related mean of transportation of fiat croma.
germany's demonym is germany.
the leader of germany is norbert lammert.
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich.
grupo bertone founded by giovanni bertone.
the headquarters of guiana space centre is kourou, french guiana.
honda k engine is manufactured in honda.
the anthem of the united states is the star-spangled banner.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
the chairman of a.c. milan is silvio berlusconi.
aaron boogaard was born in canada.
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen.
abel hernandez is in the uruguay olympic football team.
abel hernandez is in the uruguay national football team.
abner (born in brazil) was born in brazil.
adam maher was born in diemen.
adam maher was born in netherlands.
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under-17 football team.
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven.
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team.
akem adams was born in point fortin.
akem dent former team is atlanta falcons.
akem priestley plays for connecticut huskies.
al-khor sports club play in the qatar stars league.
al-zawra's manager is basim qasim.
al kharaitiyat sc is positioned with qatar stars league.
alaa abdul zahra was born in baghdad.
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f.c.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c.
alan martin (footballer) plays for scotland national under 19 football team.
aleksander barkov was born in 1995.
aleksander barkov, jr. plays for florida panthers.
aleksander barkov has 1.905 height in height.
aleksander barkovey league play in the national hockey league.
aleksand prudnikov was born in 1989.
aleksand prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm.
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi.
aleksandre guruli is located in fc samtredia.
aleksandre guruli is in the georgia national under of 21 football team.
alessio romagnoli is in the a.s. roma club.
alessio romagnoli is in the a.s. roma.
alex plante was born in manitoba.
alex tyus play in the turkish basketball super league.
atlanta falcons is in atlanta.
don sweeney is a general manager of boston bruins.
budapest is a dish from hungary.
the english language is spoken in canada.
the slavey language is spoken in canada.
columbus blue jackets is in columbus, ohio.
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny.
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow.
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarositc.
finland's language is finnish.
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italian national under 16 football team.
the coach of maccabi ashdod b.c. is zvi sherf.
fir park is the ground of motherwell f.c.
owned by the jean-michel aulas owns olympique lyonnais.
st. louis rams is in the city of st. louis.
nashville, tennessee is a tennesse titans.
aaron bertram was started in 1998.
aaron deer is associated with the horns of happiness.
kill rock stars is the record label of aaron deer.
aaron turner is in the avant garde metal.
the genre of aaron turner is progressive metal.
abradab background is in abradab.
abradab was born in 1978.
abradab is born in poland.
the genre of abradab is hip hop music.
guarania is the genre of the genre of agustin barboza.
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul, turkey.
alan frew's genre is rock music.
albennie jones is associated with the sammy price.
aleksanda koval has the background of solo singer.
aleksandra kovar was born in yugoslavia.
the genre of aleksanda kovar is rhythm and blues.
aleksanda koval is located in the country of soul music.
the genre of alex day is synthpop.
the associated alfredo zitarrosa is associated with hector numa moraes.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in uruguay.
rca records are the record label alfredo zitarrosa.
alison o'donnell was built in 1963.
alison o'donnell is in the jazz genre.
voice, bodhran, percussion, autoharp is the instrument of alison o'donnell.
allen forrest was born on 1981-02-04.
allen forrest is in the genre of pop music.
alligator records is located in chicago.
johnny sansone is the associated musical artist of anders osborne.
the genre of anders osborne is rhythm and blues.
alligator records are the record label anders osborne.
rhythm and blues is a singer genre.
andrew rayel has 2009 start year.
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns.
andrew rayel was born in chilinau, moldova.
marry banilow is the associated andrew white (musician).
andrew white is a record label in andrew white (musician).
asuncion is part of gran asuncion.
the instrument of christian burns is guitar.
the gangsta rap is the music subgenre in hip hop music.
hip hop music is in funk.
indie rock is in the new wave music.
greater manchester is part of manchester.
polydor records is located in london.
the distributing company of rca records are sony music entertainment.
rock and roll is in blues.
synthpop is in synthpop.
british people inhabit the united kingdom.
the 2.0 grampercubiccentimetres in 19255 is the adensity of 19255.
the discoveration of 29075 1950 da is carl a. wirtanen.
the absolute magnitude of absolute magnitude is 22.1.
259776702 kilometres is the apoapsis dish of 410777702 kilometres.
66063 kilometres is the apoapsit of 66063 1998 kilometres.
66063 1998 has the epoch of 2013-1998.
1000 piazzia is in the kilometreperseconds.
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaan07 x.
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature in 1001 gaussia.
101 helena has a kilometres of 441092000.0 kilometres.
the epoch of 101 helena is 2006-12-31.
101 helena has 3 0 kilograms.
1036 ganymed has 16.86 kilometreperseconds.
the absolute magnitude of 103 hera is 7.66.
103 hera is 7.9 kilograms.
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
107 camilla is a storrs.
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va.
1089 tama has a orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometreperseconds.
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 2006-12-31.
the rotation period of 1097 vicia is 95040.0.
the discover of 109 felicitas is christian heinrich peters.
109 felicitas has the periapsis of 28332600000.
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometreperseconds.
1101 clematis has the periapsisn of 445895000000.
2006-12-31 is the epoch of 110 lydia.
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
james craig watson is in the university of michigan.
nottingham is the birthplace of n. r. pogson.
aaron s daggett was awarded the battle of fredericksburg.
aaron s daggett was awarded the battle of gettysburg and was awarded the battle of gettysburg.
the successor of abdul taib mahmud is abdul rahman ya kub.
the kingdom of sarawak is the part of the kingdom of sarawak.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in mina and has a technical institute kaduna.
the chief of the defence staff is the chief of the defence staff at the abdulsalami abubakar.
the chief of the defence staff is abdulsalami abubakar which was written by chief of the defence staff.
the active years end date of abdulsalami abubakar is olusegun obasanjo.
mike akhigbe is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar.
world war ii was written by joseph stalin and was commanded by joseph stalin.
the united states army is a member of the korean war and the korean war.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge.
adam holloway was born in gravesend and was born in gravesend.
adam koc was awarded the virtuti militari.
adonis georgiadis was written by deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was written by deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally.
agnes kant was born in the parliamentary group leader and hessisch oldendorf.
airey neave is a military cross from the united states, which has royal artillery.
airey neave was battle of france and was started in 1974 and battle of france.
the battle of france was commanded by hugo sperrle and the battle of france are the commander.
airey neave was born in the knightsbridge born in knightsbridge.
world war ii was written by franklin d. roosevelt and was commanded by world war ii.
world war ii was written by joseph stalin and was commanded by world war ii.
albert b. white was born in 1941 and died in 1941.
albert b. white was born in politician and has the profession of 1856-09-22.
albert jennings fountain was born in dona ana county, new mexico.
the albert jennings fountain died in the new mexico territory.
albert jennings fountain is part of new york city.
alberto teisaire is in the provisional president of the argentine senate and was written by the provisional president of the argentine senate.
austria is the birthplace of alfons gorbach which was born in austria.
alfons gorbach, who was born in austria, was born in austria.
the governor of north carolina are the alfred moore scales which was written by james w. reid (politician).
the daniel gould fowle is the successor of alfred moore scales.
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut, connecticut and office was written by the united states house of representatives.
the american civil war is the militar branch of alfred n. phillips.
world war ii was written by joseph stalin and was commanded by joseph stalin.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas.
allan shivers was a member of the state senate from district of the texas state senate from district 4 porked at, worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at worked at and state senate from dist
alvah sabin was born on the 23rd of october 1793 in office.
the currency of netherland is the euro.
the leader of netherland is mark rutte, netherlands.
parkersburg, west virginia is in parkersburg, west virginia in the united states.
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan.
abel hernandez is managed by abel hernandez whose manager is jorge orosman da silva.
abel hernandez is in the u.s. citt di palermo and plays for u.s citt di palermo.
adam maher is a member of the netherlands national under-17 football team and az alkmaar.
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under-17 football team.
ahmad kadhim assad plays for both al shorta sc and al shorta sc.
akem adams is the manager of ferencvarosi tc who plays for thomas doll.
akem adams is part of the trinidad and tobago national football team and the trinidad and tobago national football team.
the akem ayers was former team in new england patriots and has 39 forms.
the akem ayers was former team of 39 and has 39 forms.
akem dent was born in 1987 and was born in 1987.
akem priestley is in the club connecticut huskies and plays for sheikh russel kc.
akem priestley is in the rops club and plays for sheikh russel kc.
alaa abdul zahra plays for al-khor sports club and al khor sports club.
alaa abdul zahra, manager of al kharaitiyat sc, was managed by amar osim.
alan martin (footballer) plays for the leeds united fc.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical fc and hamilton academical f.c. and hamilton academical f.c.
aleksander barkov has the florida panthers club.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born in tampere, finland.
aleksand chumakov is managed by aleksand chumakov, whose manager is valery petrakov.
aleksand prudnikov's club is fc spartak moscow.
aleksand prudnikov plays for the russian football national league.
aleksandre guruli is in the club fc dinamo batumi.
alex plante was born in manitoba.
alex tyus was born in the pallacanestro cant club.
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b.c.
brandon manitoba is the leader of brandon, manitoba.
canada is the birthplace of adam mcquaid.
the english language is spoken in canada, where adam mcquaid is located.
aleksandre guruli is manager of fc dinamo batumi.
fc spartak moscow is attached to the club of otkrytiye arena and is the ground of aleksand prudnikov.
akem priestley is in the league rops.
the united petrotrin f.c. club is the ground of akem adams which is part of the united petrotrin f.c.
aaron deer is from the genre of guitar.
aaron deer is from indiana.
the associated aaron turner is associated with the electroacoustic musical artist in the electroacoustic music.
an instrument of aaron turner is avant garde metal.
the associated musical artist of abradab is kaliber 44.
abradab was born in katowice.
abradab is a katowice born in poland.
hip hop music is the genre of ace wilder, which is the genre of ace wilder.
ace wilder, background is warner music group and has the background of solo singer.
agustin barboza was born in philips records.
alan frew is a rock music from the music fusion of bhangra (music).
alan frew is a rock music from rock music and country music is the genre.
albennie jones is from the jazz blues.
aleksanda koval has the background of solo singer and the solo singer background.
aleksanda kovar is in blues.
the active years start year in aleksandra kovar is soul music and the active years start year is soul music.
alex day is a dish from the rigin of new day which is in synthpop.
alfred garth jones was born in england and was born in england.
alfredo zitarrosa has the background of solo singer and has the background of solo singer.
taquirari is the genre of the genre of alfredo zitarrosa.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa has the background of zamba (artform.
the associated alison ofonnell is associated with the associated musical artist in bajik.
the floating world records are the record labell and alison o'donnell.
voice, bodhran, percussion, autoharp is the genre of alison o'donnell.
allen forrest background is hip hop music and has the background of solo singer.
alternative rock is the genre of alternative rock whose genre is alternative rock.
tab benoit is the associated musical artist of anders osborne which is associated with the associated musical artist.
the record label of anders osborne is rabadash records and the record label is rabadash records.
shanachie records are the record label of anders osborne, where record label is rhythm and blues.
the active years start year in andra (singer) are the start year 2000.
rhythm and blues is a singer from the rigin of blues.
the associated andrew rayel is associated with the associated musical artist in the associated musical artist of christian burns.
the associated andrew rayel is associated with the associated musical artist of mark sixma.
andrew rayel is associated with the associated musical artist in the associated musical artist of armin van buuren.
alternative rock is the genre of andrew white (musician), alternative rock.
al anderson is a country music in country music.
polydor records are located in london and the polydor records and polydor records.
the kilometres of the 19255 kilometres in 1925, the kilometres in 1925, the kilometres in 1925.
the minimum temperature of the kelvins of the kelvins are 259776702 kilometres in the book "4107777702 kilometers and 259776702 kilometres.
the spacewatch is the discoverer of the area 2009 fd.
66063 1998 kilometreperseconds are the escape velocity of 66063 kilometreperseconds.
the orbital persod at 66391 1999 kwa, which has the orbital persod at the 2004-07-14 is 16241 kw and has the orbital period of 2004-07-14.
663918 in the rotation of the 2004-07-14 has the rotation period of 2004-07-14.
the discover of 101 helena is james craig watson and died in peritonitis.
1036 ganymed has the average speed of 16196100.0 kilometres and 16.86 kilometres.
walter baade was born in walter baade who was born in walter baade.
the discover of 1036 ganymed is walter baade and walter baade.
the discover of 103 hera is james craig watson and died in peritonitis.
the discover of 103 hera is james craig watson which is from the canada national.
the discover of 107 camilla is n. r. pogson who was born in nottingham.
the former name of 1089 tama, which was formerly known as a919 hat 1927 with the former name was "a919 has 1927 wb".
1089 tama has a temperature of 37351300.0 kilometres and has a temperature of 37351300.0 kilometres.
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 27914200000.
109 felicitas has a temperature of 52332900.0 kilometres and has a temperature of 52332900.0 kilometres.
109 felicitas has the epoch of 283326000.
the rotation period of 109 felicitas is 2006-12-31 and has a rotation period of 47487.6.
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164.0 kilometres and has a temperature of 164.0 kilometres.
the former name of 10 hygiea is 2015-06-27.
110 lydia is 6.7 kilograms and is 6.7 kilograms.
110 lydia has the orbital period of 2006-12-31.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
a rosa luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
aidastella, operated by aida cruises, is located in germany.
aida cruises is the operator of aidaluna, which is operated by rostock.
aidaluna is located in the state of aidaluna which has a topal speed of 40.744 metres and the length is 252000.0 millimetres.
the length of the christer of aidastella is 253260.0 millimetres.
the diesel-electric transmission is the builder of alco rs-3 which belongs to the diesel-electric transmission.
alv x-1 has 2 rocket stages and a rocket stage of 1.524 metres.
the model years of amc matador is kenosha, wisconsin.
amc matador was designed by richard a. teague which was designed by richard a. teague which was designed by richard a. teague.
ara veinticinco de mayo has an argentina length of 192000.0 millimetres.
the related mean of transportation of alfa rome 164 is saab 9000 and is located in saab 9000.
alfa romeo 164 was popular in italy.
alfa romeo 164 was popular in italy.
alvis car and engineering company is the location of the alvis speed 25 which is located in coventry.
the alvis speed gearbox all silent and all shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
the alvis speed gearbox all silent and all shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal propellor shaft with metal and all syncromesh, centre change lever, and all silent and all shaft
american motors is a member of the american motors who is a member of the american motors.
the maiden flight of antares (rocket) is 2014-01-09.
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti.
ariane 5 is a member of the airbus defence and space and is a member of the airbus defence and space.
airbus defence and space is the parent company of ariane 5, whose parent company is airbus defence and space.
aston martin v8 is from the united kingdom and aston martin rham/1.
aston martin virage is manufactured in aston martin and has the manufacture of aston martin.
aston martin virage was designed by aston martin dbs and aston martin dbs.
aston martin virage was designed by aston martin virage, which was manufactured in aston martin. aston martin virage is in aston martin.
atlas ii has a final flight of 3.04 metres and a final flight of 3.04 metres.
atlas ii is a member of the lockheed martin and is a member of the lockheed martin.
audi a1 is a member of the division of audi and is made from audi e-tron.
the manufacture of audi a1 is audi which is in ducati.
the manufacture of audi a1 in audi is quattro gmbh.
the key person for caterpillar inc is douglas r. oberhelman.
the launch site of delta ii is delta ii.
the leader of finland is juha sipila and the leader of finland is juha sipila.
the general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat.
mtu friedrichshafen is the owner of mtu friedrichshafen.
aston martin v8 comes from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
aaron s daggett was born in maine but was awarded the battle of fredericksburg.
ab klink was born in netherlands and was born in netherlands.
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak.
the kingdom of sarawak is the residence of abdul taib mahmud.
the chief of the defence staff is the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar.
the branch of abdulsalami abubakar is olusegun obasanjo.
the branch of abdulsalami abubakar is olusegun obasanjo.
abel caballero, who was born in galicia (spain) was born in the congress of deputies.
abel caballero was born in spanish socialist workers party.
world war ii was written in the united states army and is the commander of world war ii.
abner w sibal is part of the republican party office which is part of the republican party office which is part of ridgewood, queens.
george h. w. bush and george h. w. bush are the commander of gulf war and george h. w. bush.
adam holloway, who was born in magdalene college, cambridge, was born in magdalene college, cambridge.
adam koc was born in leon trotsky and was commanded by leon trotsky.
leon trotsky is the commander of the polish soviet war, adam koc.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was born in greece and was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was born in greece and was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis is located in the colour of antonis georgiadis, which is part of the new democracy office while prime minister.
the house of representatives is the leader of netherlands where agnes kant is a national.
the nationality of agnes kant is mark rutte and the leader is mark rutte.
west germany is the alma mater of agnes kant who was born in west germany.
world war ii was the active years start date of airey neave which was written by world war ii.
world war ii was the active year start date of airey neave which was written by world war ii.
albert b. white was born in 1941 and died in 1941 and died in 1941.
agnes ward white was born in marietta, ohio where william m. o. dawson is the sequel to agnes ward white.
albert jennings fountain is located in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in staten island.
alberto teisaire is governed by the buenos aires which is lead by horacio rodriguez larreta and died in horacio rodriguez larreta.
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina and was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfons gorbach was born in graz and died in county of tyrol.
alfred n. phillips, who was born in the member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticut's house of representatives from connecticut's house of representatives from connecticut's house of representatives from connecticut's house of representatives from connecticut's house of representatives from connecticuts the u.s. house of representatives from connecticut's house of representatives
alfred n. phillips, who was born in darien, connecticut, was written by darien, connecticut and was born in darien, connecticut.
the democratic party (united states) is the location of the democratic party of allan shivers, which was written by the democratic party (united states).
the active years end date alvah sabin is the largest city in vermont where the largest city is burlington, vermont.
alvah sabin was born in henry clay and was born in henry clay and was born in henry clay.
alvah sabin was born in georgia, vermont and was born in georgia, vermont and was born in georgia, vermont.
american civil war was born in abraham lincoln and was born in the united states.
the battle of fredericksburg is the commander of the american civil war which was commanded by the american civil war.
the leader of austria is doris bures and died in austria.
the leader of austria is doris bures and died in austria.
the leader of austria is doris bures and died in styria.
the battle of salem church is the location of the battle of salem church which is part of the american civil war commander.
the currency of netherland is the euro.
the polish language is spoken in the poland poland where the polish language is spoken.
the kilograms of the kilograms and the kilometreperseconds are 5.6 kilometres in 1925.
the orbital period of spacewatch is the orbital period of spacewatch and has the orbital period of spacewatch.
the minimum temperature of 66063 1998 (kilometres) is 254989570.
663916 (kilometres) is apoapsised as a grampercubiccentimetres in the 2.0 gramperseconds and has a grampercubiccentimetres of 2.0 kilometres.
the orbital period of 1000 piazzia is 488160.
1001 gaussia has the former name of 1001 gaussia which has the former name of 1001 gaussia which has the former name of 1001 gaussia.
101 helena has a kilometreperseconds and has the kilometreperseconds and the kilometreperseconds.
the university of germany is a national of the university of gottingen and the university of gottingen.
the discover of 103 hera is james craig watson and died in madison, wisconsin.
the discover of 103 hera is james craig watson and died in madison, wisconsin.
103 hera was originally from the recipient of 4371700-27 and 1622.213 kilometers in 2011-08-27.
103 hera was escape velocity of 43717000.0 kilometres and the kilometreperseconds and 43717000.0 kilometres.
the discover of 107 camilla is n. r. pogson who was born in england.
1089 tama, which has the orbital period of april 2005-11-26, has a former name of 1202.846 days.
1089 tama has the epoch to 37351300.0 kilometres and has the epoch to 37351300.0 kilometres.
the former name of 1097 vicia is 27914200000.
109 felicitas has the orbital period of 7.5 kilograms and is 7.5 kilograms and has the orbital period of 7.5 kilograms.
109 felicitas is apoapsised as a kilometres on 2006-12-31 and is apoapsised as a kilometres on 2006-12-31.
10 hygiea has an average speed of 523951582.33968 kilometres and has 523951582.33968 kilometres.
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres and has the average speed of 523951582.33968 squarekilometres.
10 hygiea, which has a temperature of the kelvins of temperature, is 523951582.33968 squarekilometres.
110 lydia is 6.7 kilograms and is 6.7 kilograms and is 6.7 kilograms.
110 lydia has a kilometres of 2006-12-31 and has a kilometres of 2006-12-31.
the associated aaron bertram is associated with the kids imagine nation and is associated with the kids imagine nation and the associated musical artist in suburban legends.
aaron deer is from indiana, in the united states.
aaron deer is from indiana and is of indiana.
the associated aaron turner is associated with the associated musical artist in greymachine. the associated musical artist is the genre of greymachine.
the associated aaron turner, associated with the associated musical artist in drone music, is associated with the genre of greymachine.
the associated aaron turner is associated with the associated musical artist of the ambient musical artist in the ambient musici.
aaron turner was instrument in electric guitar and is located in the electric guitar and death metal.
aaron turner was instrument in singing and has deadh metal as its genre.
the associated musical artist of abradab is kaliber 44 and was born in the kaliber 1978.
the associated musical artist of abradab is kaliber 44 and is the origin of abradab.
hip hop music is a dish from the rigin of funk and has funk as its genre.
agustin barboza is located in paraguay, where juan afara is the leader.
al anderson (nrbq band) was instrument in nrbq and has the instrument rock music.
alan frew is a rock music from the country music and comes from the country music in country music.
albennie jones is from the jazz blues and has the stylistic origin of jazz.
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and has the rhythm and blues who was born in errata mississippi.
the associated aleksandra koval has the associated musical artist in bebi dol and has the associated musical artist.
the associated aleksanda koval are the associated musical artist in the kornelije kovan and the associated musical artist in the kornelije kova.
aleksanda kovar is associated with the associated musical artist of kristina kovat which has the genre of kristina kova.
alex day is a dish from the rigin of synthpop which is in the country of disco.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
alfred garth jones is from the united kingdom and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones died in sidcup and died in sidcup.
the folk musical artist of alison o donnell is mellow candle and the associated musical artist in mellow candle.
the associated alison ofonnell is associated with the associated musical artist in mellow candle. the associated musical artist was folk music.
voice, bodhran, percussion, autoharp are the instruments of alison o'donnell.
alison o'donnell is derivated by static caravan recordings and is derivated by static caravan recordings.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama, dothan, alabama. the background of allen forrest is located in dothan, alabama. the background of allen forrest is dothan, alabama.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama, dothan, alabama.
alternative rock is the genre of the music fusion of alternative rock. the music fusion of alternative rock is the genre of alternative rock.
the associated anders osborne is associated with the associated musical artist in tab benoit and is associated with the associated musical artist in tab benoit.
rock music is the genre of rock music which is from the rabadash records and is the genre of rock music.
the associated andra is the genre of andra (singer) and associated with crbl as a singer.
andreea band associated musical artist is the genre of andra (singer). the singer is associated with the associated musical artist of andreea blues.
rhythm and blues was designed by the disco background and solo singer and solo singer.
trance musical artist in andrew rayel is associated with trance musical artist in trance music.
andrew rayel is in trathe musical artist in trance music.
the associated andrew rayel, associated with the associated musical artist in house music, is associated with the associated musical artist of christian burns.
marry banilow is the record label of andrew white (musician) and associated and associated musical artist.
the genre of aaron bertram is ska punk, whose genre is ska punk.
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and was born in errata mississippi.
the alternative name for 1955 dodge in 1955 dodge is called the dodge coronet and is the alternative name of 1955 dodge.
a rosa luna has a ship class of 125800.0 millimetres and it has a ship class of 125800.0 millimetres.
a rosa luna has a tonnes ship displacement of 125800.0 millimetres.
aidastella is owned by aida cruises which is owned by aida cruises which is owned by aida cruises which is owned by aida cruises.
the length of the christer of aidastella is 253260.0 millimetres and the length of the country is 253260.0 millimetres.
the american locomotive company is the builder of the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company is the builder of alco rs-3.
the american locomotive company is the builder of the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and american locomotive company.
the american locomotive company is the builder of the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady, new york.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
the capital of the united states is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
alv x-1 has an total launches of 1.524 metres and a rocket stage of 1.524 metres.
the production end year of abarth 1000 gt coupe is straight four engine.
abarth 1000 gt coupe is located in two door coupe and has a width of two door coupe.
aleksey chirikov is the building of the aleksey chirikov (icebreaker) which is 21.2 building in helsinki.
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy, where rome is the capital and rome is the capital.
the capital of italy is rome and the lancia thema is the capital of italy.
the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 is lancia thema and has a transportation of arese.
the related mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 is milan and is the related mean of transportation in milan and has the related mean of transportation of saab 9000.
alhambra has a ship launch of 63800.0 millimetres and the ship launch is 63800.0 millimetres.
alhambra has the ship launch 1855-05-31 and ship launch is 1855-05-31.
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and the alvis car and engineering company founded in coventry.
american motors is a key person at the american motors who person at the american motors.
delta ii is the manufacture of antares where the rocket comparable is yuzhnoye design office.
the manufact of antares (rocket) is "yuzhnoye design office" and is the manufact of antares (rocket).
the manufacture of ariane 5 is arianespace and has the manufacture guiana space centre. the launch site of the country is arianespace and the launch site of arianespace.
aston martin v8 was popular in newport pagnell, buckinghamshire, england, united kingdom and has a transportation of 5.3 litres.
aston martin v8 comes under the assembly of aston martin v8 which is 5.3 litres and a transportation of 5.3 litres.
the country of atlas ii is located in the united states and is where atlas ii is a traditional dish.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group there.
atlas ii is a traditional dish from the united states. the launch site of atlas ii is called the spaceport florida launch complex 36.
audi a1 was designed by audi brussels and has the body of audi brussels.
audi a1 is in the volkswagen polo and is the related mean of transportation of audi a1.
caterpillar inc is the location of caterpillar inc which is located in california.
aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and is owned by the caterpillar inc.
aidastella is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aida cruises.
delta ii is the launch of the rocket launch in delta ii which is in delta ii, united states.
the guiana space centre is the headquarters of guiana space centre which is headquartered in the ela-3 of guiana space centre.
the guiana space centre is located in kourou, french guiana and is located in kourou, french guiana space centre and is located in kourou, french guiana space centre.
neptun werft is the location of neptun werft which is the location of neptun werft which is the location of the neptun werft of neptun werft.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
aaron hunt, who plays for sv werder bremen, plays for sv werder bremen.
aaron hunt is attached to the club vieter hecking and plays for sv werder bremen ii.
abel hernandez is in the u.s. citt di palermo and hull city a.f.c. abel hernandez.
abel hernandez is in the u.s. citt di palermo and plays for u.s citt di palermo.
adam maher is a member of the az alkmaar club.
akem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f.c. club and plays for the united petrotrin fc.
the akem ayers was former team in the los angeles rams and has 39 forms.
akem ayers was former team in st. louis rams and has 39 forms.
akem dent was born in atlanta falcons and was born in atlanta falcons.
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 20 football team and plays for the iraq national under 20 football team.
alaa abdul zahra has been the ground of al kharaitiyat sc which has been the ground of al kharaitiyat sc and has been the ground of al kharaitiyat sc and has been the ground of al kharaitiyat sc and has been the ground of al kharaitiyat sc and has been the ground of al kharaitiyat sc.
alan martin (footballer) plays for clyde f.c. and hamilton academical fc.
alan martin (footballer) plays for the accrington stanley f.c. and accrington stanley fc.
aleksander barkov was born in tampere, finland and was born in tampere, finland.
aleksander barkov was born in tampere, finland and was born in tampere, finland.
aleksandr chumakov was born in russia and died in russia.
aleksand prudnikov is attached to the club fc kuban krasnodar and plays for fc alania vladikovk.
aleksand prudnikov has been born in the russia national football b team and is attached to the club fc tom tomsk.
aleksandre guruli is located in the club olympique lyonnais whose ground is located in the azal pfk.
aleksandre guruli is located in the club of olympique lyonnais who has played for us lesquin.
alessio romagnoli is managed by the italian national under 16 football team and is managed by alessio romagnoli.
the manager of a.c. milan is u.c. sampdoria and has been the manager of a.c. milan.
alessio romagnoli is attached to the club as roma.
alessio romagnoli is attached to the club italy national under-17 football team and u.c. sampdoria.
alex plante was born in brandon, manitoba and has 1.9304 meters long.
the height of alex plante is anyang halla and has 1.9304 meters long.
alex tyus play in the euroleague and coach for maccabi ashdod b.c.
alex tyus played for the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi ashdod b.c.
fc spartak moscow is attached to the club of fc spartak moscow and plays for fc spartak moscow.
fc spartak moscow is the ground of aleksand prudnikov who plays for fc anzhi makhachkala.
aleksand chumakov has been the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played the 2014-15 season in the russian premier league.
abel hernandez is managed by abel hernandez who played for uruguay olympic football team and the uruguay olympic football team.
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia.
the manager of the real madrid castilla is real madrid castilla in the real madrid castilla.
the manager of the real madrid castilla is luis miguel ramis and is the manager of real madrid castilla.
st. louis was born in st louis where francis g slay is the leader.
new england patriots are the former team of the akem ayers which was formerly called tennesse titans.
the united petrotrin f.c. club was the trinidad and tobago national under 20 football team and trinidad and tobago national under 20 football team.
aaron hunt is attached to the club sv werder bremen ii who is attached to the club sv werder bremen ii who plays for sv werder bremen ii.
abel hernandez is attached to the club steve bruce and plays for both hull city a.f.c.
the manager of penarol is jorge orosman da silva and is the manager of penarol.
the manager of u.s. citt di palermo is the u.s. citt di palermo whose manager is giuseppe iachini and plays for u.s citt di palermo.
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island and was born in prince edward island and was born in prince edward island.
the general manager of boston bruins is boston bruins who has been draft team in columbus, ohio.
akem ayers was born in st louis rams. he was born in st louis rams. he was born in st. louis rams. he was born in st. louis rams. he was born in st. louis rams.
akem dent was born in atlanta in georgia and was born in atlanta, georgia. he was born in atlanta in georgia.
akem dent was born in atlanta falcons and was born in atlanta falcons.
al kharaitiyat sc has been the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who plays for al kharaitiyat sc and has been the manager of al kharaitiyat sc and has been the manager of al kharaitiyat sc.
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under-23 football team and amar osim.
alaa abdul zahra has been the manager of al kharaitiyat sc which has been the manager of al kharaitiyat sc which has been the manager of al kharaitiyat sc and has been the manager of al kharaitiyat sc.
alan martin (footballer) was born in crewe alexandra f.c. and has a height of 185.42 club.
alan martin (footballer) plays for scotland national under 21 football team and is 185.42 club alan martin.
aleksand prudnikov is attached to the club fc dynamo moscow and plays for fc dynamo moscow.
aleksand prudnikov's height is 185.0 centimetres and was born in the 24th of february 1989.
aleksandre guruli is attached to the club fc zestafoni and was born in batumi.
alex plante was born in anyang halla and was born in anyang halla and was born in anyang halla.
alex plante was born in anyang halla and was born in the canada birth place.
the leader of canada is elizabeth ii and elizabeth ii and the leader is elizabeth ii.
the leader of canada is elizabeth ii and elizabeth ii is the leader of canada.
the leader of canada is elizabeth ii and elizabeth ii is the leader of canada.
fc kuban krasnodar is the manager of fc terek grozny who plays for fc kuban krasnodar.
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is aleksand tukmakov, whose chairman is fc torpedo moscow which has been the chairman of fc torpedo moscow.
houston texans and houston is the former team of houston texans where houston texans are the former team.
abel hernandez is a member of the uruguayan primera division and is a member of the uruguayan primera division and hull city a.f.c.
19255 kilometres is the apoapsis dish of 19255 and the area of 615591000.0 kilometres and the area of 615591000.0 kilometres.
66063r kilometres is the orbital perseconds of 66063 1998 and a kilometreperseconds and 36063 kilometres.
the mean temperature of 66063 1998 (kilometres) is 254989570.
1000 piazzia has the orbital perseconds and has the orbital perseconds and has the orbital perseconds.
the former name of 1001 gaussia is sergey belyavsia which has the former name of sergey belyavsky.
the university of gottingen is the doctoral student of walter baade who was born in walter baade who was born in walter baade.
the university of gottingen is the doctoral student of walter baade which was born in walter baade who was born in walter baade.
the university of gottingen is the doctoral student of walter baade which is doctoral student and died in walter baade.
the james craig watson is the discover of 103 hera who died in madison, wisconsin and died in madison.
the discover of 103 hera is james craig watson and died in madison, wisconsin.
the discover of 103 hera is james craig watson and died in madison, wisconsin.
the discover of 107 camilla is n. r. pogson who died in chennai.
the discoverer of 107 camilla is n. r. pogson, who was born in nottingham and died in chennai.
1089 tama has the orbital period of april 2005-11-26. it has the orbital period of april 2887490000.
1089 tama, which has the orbital period of the kilometreperseconds, is located at 1202.846 kilometres in 2005.
1097 vicia is apoapsised as a kilometres and it has the orbital period of the kilometres and is 9.8 kilometres apoapsis.
109 felicitas has an escape velocity of 283326000 and the kilometreperseconds. the kilometreperseconds are the orbital perseconds.
10 hygiea has a former name of 2015-06-27 and has a former name of 4161360000.0.
1101 clematis was escape velocity of 52090600.0 kilometres and the kilometreperseconds and the kilometreperseconds.
1101 clematis has the former name of 183309000.
1101 clematis has the orbital period of 0.02 kilometreperseconds and has the escape veloy of 0.02 kilometreperseconds.
1955 dodge was designed by the dodge of dodge which is the location of the dodge transmission of 1955 dodge.
the desoto custom is the related mean of transportation in the chrysler newport and desoto custom and the desotoo firedome.
aidastella is located in aidastella, which is operated by the rostock of rostock and is owned by the meyer werft.
aidastella is owned by aida cruises and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and is owned by the meyer werft.
the american locomotive company is the builder of the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company.
the american locomotive company builded the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company builders of alco rs-3.
american locomotive company is builded by the american locomotive company which is located in the united states. the american locomotive company is located in schenectady, new york.
alco rs- was built in the montreal locomotive works and is the building of the montreal locomotive works.
the montreal locomotive works is the builder of alco rs-3 which was build by the four stroke engine.
the american motors matador is the alternative name for the american motors matador and the american motors matador and american motors matador.
the amc straight amc matador is also known as mid-size car and is the alternative name for the amc matador which is also known as mid-size car.
acura tlx is a member of the assembly front-wheel drive /all-wheel drive /all-wheel drive /all-wheel drive /all-wheel drive /all-wheel drive /all-wheel drive /all-wheel drive /all-wheel drive /all-wheel drive /all-wheel drive 'all-wheel drive 'all-wheel drive 'all-wheel drive 'all-wheel drive 'all-wheel drive 'all-wheel drive 'all-wheel drive 'all-wheel drive 'all-wheel drive 'all-wheel drive 'all
the marysville auto plant is the layout of the acura tlx acura tlx.
aleksey chirikov is the builder of the aleksey chirikov (icebreaker).
the aleksey chirikov is the leader of finland where the aleksey chirikov is the leader of finland where the demonym for the builder is juha sipila.
aleksey chirikov is the building of the aleksey chirikov (icebreaker) which is 21.2 in service.
the related mean of transportation of alfa rome 164 is lancia thema and has the related mean of transportation of saab 9000.
the related mean of transportation of alfa rome 164, which has the related mean of transportation, was fiat croma and was popular in italy.
alhambra has the ship launch 1855-05-31 and ship launch is 63800.0 millimetres.
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry.
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry.
the american motors is a key person at the american motors who has the key person american motors.
american submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine nr-1 has a general dynamics electric boat on 1969-01-25.
american submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine comes under the american submarine nro-1 which has a length of 45000.0 metres and its 3.8 m american submarine nr-1.
the maiden of antares (rocket) is 2014-10-28 and the maiden flight is 2014-10-28.
the maiden of antares (rocket) is 2013-04-21 and is located in the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0.
aston martin virage is in the united kingdom where the capital is london.
aston martin v8 comes under the assembly of aston martin v8 which has the related mean of transportation and aston martin rham/1.
aston martin virage was designed by aston martin virage which was published in aston martin which is 5.3 member of the aston martin dbs and aston martin dbs.
atlas ii is a city in the cape canaveral air force station and has a final flight of 2002-12-05.
audi a1 has a front engine front-wheel-drive layout and audi brussels.
audi is in the division of audi which is in the division of audi which is in ducati.
aidaluna is owned by the caterpillar inc. it was founded in california and was founded in california.
aidastella is owned by the meyer werft and is the operator of aidastella, which is owned by the meyer werft.
the launch site of delta ii is cape canaveral air force station and is the launch of the rocket of antares which is in delta ii, united states.
delta ii is located in delta ii, united states where the launch site is vandenberg afb space launch complex 2.
the related mean of transportation for alfa rome 164 is opel vectra and is a member of the related mean of transportation in italy.
alfa romeo 164 was designed by the related mean of transportation in milan and has the assembly fiat croma.
groton, connecticut is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat, which is the location of the general dynamics electric boat.
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich and is the location of the neptun werft of germany.
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the african americans are an ethnic group there.
americans are an ethnic group in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group there.
the associated aaron bertram is associated with the kids imagine nation and has the band associated musical artist in suburban legends.
aaron deer was published in indiana, in indiana.
the associated aaron turner was instrument in singing and is associated with the electroacoustic musical artist in singing.
the associated aaron turner, associated with the associated musical artist was post metal and has the associated musical artist in 1995.
aaron turner was instrument in the electric guitar and is located in sumac fusion of sumac fusion and has died in sumac fusion fusion fusion fusion fusion fusion fusion fusion fusion and sumac fusion.
ace wilder, born in stockholm, was born on the 23rd of july, 1982.
ace wilder was born in sweden and was born on the 23rd of july, 1982.
ace wilder (born in stockholm, was born in stockholm.
ace wilder, born in sweden, was born in sweden.
ahmet ertegun is of the united states and is of the united states and is of the united states.
ahmet ertegun is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
the active years end year in albennie jones is rhythm and blues which is in blues.
albennie jones was born in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
aleksanda kovar was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade and was born in belgrade.
aleksanda kovar was born in the socialist republic of serbia and was born in the socialist republic of serbia.
the associated alex day is associated with the acoustic musical artist of charlie mcdonnell and the associated musical artist in the chameleon circuit in the country.
the associated alex day is associated with the active years start year charlie mcdonnell and the associated musical artist in the chameleon circuit in 2006.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the united states, where daniel martinez is a leader and daniel martinez is a leader.
the genre of alfredo zitarrosa is rca records and is the genre of alfredo zitarrosa.
the associated alison o'donnell was designed by the associated musical artist in the flibertigibet start year.
the head south by weaving is the genre of the head south by weaving and the associated alison osonnell.
deram records are the location of deram records which is located in london and is the location of deram records.
deram records are the location of deram records which is located in london and is the location of deram records.
allen forrest was born in the acoustic music and was born in the acoustic music and was born in the acoustic music and belongs to fort campbell.
allen forrest was born in dothan, al and was born in dothan, al. the background of allen forrest was fort campell, ky, raised in dothan, al. the background was fort campbell, ky, raised in dothan, al.
alternative rock is the genre of the musician of alternative rock which has punk rock as its genre.
the associated anders osborne, associated with the galactic genre, is associated with the galactic genre.
alligator records located in chicago, is located in chicago, shanachie records.
andra is a singer that can be found in the romanian singer birth place. the singer is a singer from the romanian singer.
rhythm and blues is a dish from the disco in funk. rhythm and blues was designed by the disco blues.
the associated andrew rayel has the associated musical artist in trance music and has the associated musical artist in trance music and has the associated musical artist in trance music.
the band associated musical artist of andrew rayel is christian burns and the associated musical artist in trance music.
marry banilow is the genre of andrew white (musician) which is the genre of andrew white.
the andrew white (musician) is the location of andrew white (musician) and the associated musical artist is the associated andrew white.
agustin barboza is located in the city of asuncion where juan afara is a leader in paraguay.
al anderson (nrbq band) is associated with the associated musical artist of country music. the associated musical artist is country music.
the genre of allen forrest is hip hop music which is from the disco in funk.
alfred garth jones was born in england and has the labour party (uk).
the house of low culture are the instrument of aaron turner, who were instrruments house of low culture.
aaron turner was instrument in the electric guitar and can be found in the electric guitar and can be found in the electric guitar.
rhythm and blues was born in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the african americans are an ethnic group.
aaron s daggett was born in west roxbury and died in maine.
aaron s daggett was born in west roxbury and died in maine.
ab klink was born in netherlands and is affiliated with the association of mbas and is affiliated with the erasmus university rotterdam.
abdul taib mahmud is a resident in the region of asajaya and is located in the region of asajaya and has the residence of miri malaysia.
the kingdom of sarawak is the residence of abdul taib mahmud which is part of the kingdom of sarawak and the kingdom of sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud is a resident of the barisan ranayat jati sarawak and is the location of adenan satem.
abdul taib mahmud is a resident of the japanese occupation of british borneo and adenan satem.
mike akhigbe is the predecessor of the abdulsalami abubakar which was predecessor of abdulsalami abubakar.
abdulsalami abubakar was predecessor of the abdulsalami abubakar which was predecessor of al-amin daggash and is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar.
abel caballero was born in galicia in spain, where francisco franco is the prime minister.
abel caballero (born in spain) was born in spain and was born in spain.
abraham a. ribicoff comes from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the native americans are an ethnic group.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge and was born in magdalene college, cambridge.
the polish language is spoken in the poland poland where the polish language is spoken and the polish language is spoken.
the polish-soviet war is the commander of the polish soviet war which was part of the russian civil war and died in the russian civil war and is the commander of adam koc.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was born in greece and was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis is located in the ministry office in greece and was born in the ministry office in greece.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was born in greece and was born in greece.
the socialist party is the leader of the socialist party (netherlands) where the currency is the euro.
the house of representatives is the leader of netherlands where agnes kant is a national.
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands where the socialist party is the leader of the country.
the socialist party is the leader of the socialist party (netherlands) where the socialist party (netherlands) is the location of agnes kant.
airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london and was born in knightsbridge, london and was born in knightsbridge, london and has the battle of france.
airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london and was born in knightsbridge, london and was born in knightsbridge, london and was born in knightsbridge, london.
the commander of airey neave is world war ii which was written in the commander of royal artillery which has the commander royal artillery.
albert b. white was born in parkersburg, west virginia and died in cleveland and died in cleveland.
albert b. white was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york where the french language is spoken. the commander of the american civil war is abraham lincoln.
albert jennings fountain was born in dona ana county, new mexico and died in jefferson davis.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in staten island.
alberto teisaire is located in the horacio rodriguez larreta and died in horacio rodriguez larreta and died in horacio rodriguez larreta.
alberto teisaire, who was born in mendoza, argentina, was designed by the provisional president of the argentine senate and is provision of the provisional president.
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville, north carolina and has the democratic party offfice and the governor of north carolina.
alfred n. phillips is a member of the member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticuts the u.s. house of representatives from connecticuts the u.s. house of representatives from connecticuts the u.s. house of representatives from connecticuts the u.s. house of representatives from connecticuts s 4th district.
alfred n. phillips is part of the member of the u.s. house of representatives from connecticuts the u.s. house of representatives from connecticut's 4th district and the democratives from connecticut's 4th district.
alfred n. phillips, who was born in darien, connecticut, is part of darien, connecticut and was written by darien, connecticut.
allan shivers was born in price daniel and was born in price daniel and was born in price daniel.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas. he was a member of the democratic party of texas.
the secretary of state of vermont is the largest city in vermont where alvah sabin is a member of the secretary of state of vermont.
alvah sabin is a dish from the united states where the largest city is burlington, vermont and the leader is daniel webster.
aaron s daggett was awarded the american civil war which was written by robert e lee and was awarded the american civil war conflicted by robert e. lee.
juan peron is a national of the country of argentina where the labour party is the nationality of argentina.
alberto teisaire, who was born in mendoza, argentina, was born in mendoza, argentina and was born in mendoza, argentina.
aidastella is located in germany and is owned by the meyer werft and is the owner of aidastella.
the operator of aidastella is aida cruises and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
the american locomotive company is the builder of the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and american locomotive company.
the american locomotive company is the builder of the american locomotive company and the american locomotive company and american locomotive company.
the american native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington d.c. and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
the american motors matador is the alternative name for the american motors matador which is the alternative name for amc matador.
alhambra is owned by samuda brothers and is owned by samuda brothers.
american motors was designed by the american motors who has the key person at the american motors whose manufacture is wheel horse.
american submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine submarine nr-1 has a ship launch of 45000.0 metres and its 3.8 m american submarine nr-1.
the minotaur iv launch is the launch of the rocket antares, which is a rocket found in the minotaur iv.
the antares regional spaceport launch pad 0 is the launch of the rocket of antares which has the maiden of "auzhnoye design office" and has the maiden flight of 2014-10-28.
the maiden of antares (rocket) is 2014-10-28 and is diaded by yuzhnoye design office.
ariane 5 is a member of the airbus defence and space and has a final flight of 2005-12-18.
the guiana space centre is the operator of arianespace, which has its headquarters in the city of french guiana and operated by arianespace.
aston martin van belongs to the aston martin dbs and aston martin dbs and aston martin dbs.
aston martin v8 comes under the assembly of aston martin v8 which has the related mean of transportation of aston martin v8 which has the related to aston martin dbs.
aston martin virage was designed by aston martin virage which was published in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader and aston martin virage is aston martin virage.
audi a1 was designed by audi a1 which is located in the classembly of brussels, belgium. it has a front engine front-wheel-drive layout and classed as a front engine, belgium.
audi is in the division of lamborghini and is in the division of lamborghini and is in the division of lamborghini.
aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and was founded in peoria, illinois, united states.
aida cruises which was founded in the united states, is owned by aida cruises which is owned by aida cruises which is owned by aida cruises which is owned by aida cruises.
aidaluna, which is owned by aida cruises, is located in the united states and is owned by aida cruises.
aidastella is owned by the meyer werft and is owned by the meyer werft and is the operator of aidastella.
the aleksey chirikov (icebreaker) is from finland where the leader is juha sipila and the language spoken is sami.
the capital of germany is berlin and the leader of germany is joachim gauck and the leader is joachim gauck.
the leader of germany is andreas vockuhle and the capital city is berlin and the location city is germany.
americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
abel hernandez is part of the uruguayan segunda división club and plays for u.s citt di palermo.
aleksand chumakov is located in the valery petrakov club and died in the valery petrakov.
aleksandre guruli is located in the club olympique lyonnais, whose chairman is the parc olympique lyonnais.
alessio romagnoli is in the u.c. milan club and plays for u.c. sampdoria.
the alessio romagnoli is attached to the club silvio berlusconi and is attached to the club silvio berlusconi and u.c. sampdoria.
abel hernandez is in the uruguay national football team and plays for uruguay national football team and the us citt di palermo.
the manager of fc amkar prudnikov is gadzhi gadzhiyev and has been the manager of fc amkar prudnikov who plays for the otkrytiye arena and sergey rodionov.
the manager of fc spartak moscow is the ground of aleksand prudnikov, whose ground is located in grozny and has been the manager of fc spartak moscow.
fc dynamo moscow is the manager of fc terek grozny who plays for fc dynamo moscow.
aleksand chumakov has been the manager of fc torpedo moscow who was born in the russian premier league in 2014-15.
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is governed by the united petrotrin f.c. and plays for thomas doll and gabor kubatov and gabor kubatov.
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is governed by the united petrotrin f.c. and plays for thomas doll and gabor kubatov and gabor kubatov.
19255 kilograms and the kilograms are the orbital persod at 19255 and a kilometres in 1925.
james craig watson is a discoverated by the university of michigan and died in madison, wisconsin and died in madison, wisconsin.
the james craig watson is the location of the discover of 101 helena and died in madison, wisconsin.
the university of gottingen is the doctoral student of walter baade which is doctoral student and died in walter baade.
walter baade was born in walter baade who was born in walter baade who was born in walter baade who was born in walter baade who was born in walter baade.
the university of germany is the nationality of the university of germany and the university of gottingen and walter baade.
the discover of 103 hera is james craig watson which was discovered by the university of michigan and died in madison, wisconsin.
the discover of 103 hera is james craig watson which is a member of the university of michigan and died in madison, wisconsin.
107 camilla is the orbital period of b. zellner and has a kilometres of 2368.05 kilometres. the kilometres is the apoapsis discional discoverer.
107 camilla is located in c. woods and has the orbital period of c woods and has the orbital period of c woods.
107 camilla is located in f. vilas and has the orbital period of f. vilas and has a kilometres of 2368.05 kilometres.
the nationality of 107 camilla is n. r. pogson who was born in england and died in chennai.
1089 tama has the former name of 1202.846 kilometres and has a former name of 1202.846 kilometres and it has the former name of 1202.846 kilometres.
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 52090600.0 kilometres and the kilometreperseconds and the kilometreperseconds.
11264 claudiomaccone has a total of 1513.722 kilometres and is located at 1513.722 kilometres and it has a temperature of 296521000.0 kilometres. the kilometres of the kilometres is 1513.722 kilometres and a total of 47542600.0 kilometres.
abdul taib mahmud was born in the malaysian region of malaysia. the residence of the residence is parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu.
abdul taib mahmud is a resident of the university of adenan satem which is a resident of the university of adenan satem.
abdulsalami abubakar, which was predecessor in 1999, is located in the mike akhigbe which was predecessor of 1999-05-29.
the abdulsalami abubakr was predecessor of 1999-05-29.
abraham a. ribicoff was written by the democratic party of connecticut and died in connecticut.
abraham a. ribicoff comes from the united states and was born in the united states and died in connecticut.
abraham a. ribicoff comes from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the native americans are an ethnic group.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge and was born in magdalene college, cambridge.
adam holloway was born in magdalene college, cambridge and was born in magdalene college, cambridge and was born in magdalene college, cambridge.
adonis georgiadis is located in the konstantinos mitsotakis and served as a konstantinos mitsotakis.
the house of representatives is the leader of netherlands where the socialist party is the leader of netherlands.
the house of representatives is the leader of netherlands where the house of representatives is the leader of netherlands.
the socialist party is the leader of netherlands where the socialist party is the leader of the country.
albert b. white was born in parkersburg, west virginia and died in parkersburg, west virginia and died in parkersburg, west virginia.
albert b. white was born in parkersburg, west virginia and died in cleveland and died in cleveland.
albert b. white was written by william m. o. dawson and william m. o. dawson and william m. o. dawson.
albert b. white was born in cleveland and was started in the republican party of cleveland and was born in cleveland and was born in cleveland.
alberto teisaire is part of the horacio rodriguez larreta and died in horacio rodriguez larreta and died in horacio rodriguez larreta and the leader is the labour party.
alberto teisaire, who was born in mendoza, argentina, was designed by the provisional president and was born in mendoza, argentina and was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfons gorbach was born in graz and died in styria and died in styria.
alfons gorbach was born in graz and died in imst.
the active years end date alvah sabin is a congressional district found in vermont where the largest city is burlington, vermont and died in vermont.
alvah sabin, who was born in vermont, was born in burlington, vermont and died in vermont who died in vermont who died in vermont.
the battle of gettysburg is the commander of the american civil war which is in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
the american civil war was published in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the commander of the american civil war is the american civil war.
juan peron is a member of the labour party and in argentina, where the labour party is the labour party.
the associated aaron bertram is associated with the kids imagine nation and has the band associated musical artist in suburban legends.
aaron deer was part of the united states and genred as a solo singer from indiana.
the associated aaron turner was published in the united states and is of the united states and is of the united states.
the associated aaron turner was designed by the associated musical artist of the sludge metal and is of the associated musical artist of the sludge metal.
the band associated musical artist of abradab is kaliber 44 and was born in the kaliber of kaliber 44.
ace wilder was born in sweden and was born in sweden and was born in sweden.
ace wilder, born in stockholm, was born in stockholm and was born in stockholm.
ace wilder, designed by hip hop music, is from the gangsta rap styes in funk.
drum and bass is the genre of ace wilder, who was born in sweden and drum and bass.
the al anderson (nrbq band) was born in nrbq and has the associated musical artist in the windsor connecticut. the associated musical artist is the start year of al anderson.
the genre of rock music (musical fusion country music) is the genre of rock music which is found in the music fusion of bhangra (music).
alan frew was born in newmarket, newmarket, ontario, in the canada origin of musician.
aleksanda koval has the background of solo singer and was born in disco and has the background of solo singer.
aleksanda koval has the associated musical artist in the kornelije kovan and has the associated musical artist in the kornelije kovan start year.
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
alfred garth jones was designed by the european parliament and died in sidcup and died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones was born in london where the leader is the european parliament.
the associated alison of ireland is the genre of the genre of alison o donnell. the associated musical artist was folk musical artist which is located in mellow candle.
deram records are the location of deram records which is located in london and has the derivative of deram records.
alison o'donnell is derivated by the funk and is derivated by the autoharp can be found in the rigin of autoharp and has the fusic fusion fusion fusion fusion fusion fusion fusion fusion of jazz.
alison opercussion, bodhran, percussion, autoharp is one of the instruments of the jazz, which is available in joice, bodhran, percussion, autoharp.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama, dothan, alabama and was born in dothan, alabama.
the associated anders osborne, associated with the associated musical artist is voice of the wetlands associated musical artist with the associated musical artist of billy iuso.
the associated anders osborne is associated with the associated musical artist of blues. the associated musical artist is the genre of blues.
andra is a singer from the reality television judge and was born in dance.
andra is the birthplace of andra (singer) which was born in romania. it was born in romania. the singer was born in romania.
the associated andrew rayel is in trance music which is located in the alexander popov, jano, alexander bergheau, jonathan mendelsohn, christian burns, jonathan mendelsohn, christian burns, jonathan mendelsohn, christian burns, jonathan mendelsohn, christian burns, jonathan mendelsohn, christian burns, jonathan mendelsohn, christian burns, jonathan mendelsohn, christian burns, jonathan mendelsohn,
andrew rayel was born in trance music and has the associated musical artist in trance music and has the associated musical artist in trance music.
the associated andrew rayel was born in bobina and has the associated musical artist in trance music and was born in bobina.
the associated andrew rayel, associated with trance musical artist is the location of andrew rayel which is associated with trance musical artist in trance music.
marry banilow is the record of andrew white (musician) which has the associated musical artist in the musician of polydor records.
the genre of allen forrest is hip hop music which was drum and bass as it's genre.
the genre of allen forrest is hip hop music which is a dish from the disco in funk.
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of manchester, where the leader is the parliament of the united kingdom.
the leader of paraguay is juan afara and is the location of agustin barboza who died in paraguay.
alternative rock is the location of andrew white (musician) in the musician records.
alternative rock is the genre of the musician of alternative rock which is located in london.
the genre of rock music (music) is bhangra (music).
rock music is a dish from the country music which is in blues.
aaron turner is associated with the associated musical artist of the associated musical artist in the electric guitar and is the location of the band associated musical artist.
alfredo zitarrosa is located in the united states, where the leader is called daniel martinez and the leader is called daniel martinez and the language spoken is spanish.
